" " — Harpo Marx
"Breakfast sometime?" "Sure." "Shall I call you, or just nudge you?"
"Criminal lawyer" is a redundancy.
"Daddy, the garbage man is here!" "Tell him we don't need any." — Edward Abbey
"Define UNIVERSE; give two examples." "The perceived world; 1) mine, 2) yours."
"Have you lived here all your life?" "Oh, twice that long."
"In no language can a double positive form a negative." "Yeah, yeah..."
"Name two pronouns." "Who? Me?"
"Those good old days" really means "those good young days." — Herbert Salzer
"Was that an avalanche, or was that thunder?" Mountaineers HATE that question.
"Wayne Newton is," he says, "an example of what America can be."
2.4 statute miles of intravenous surgical tubing: 1 I.V. League.
24 hours in a day... 24 beers in a case... Coincidence?
28.35 grams of prevention are worth 0.45359 kilograms of cure.
355/113 — Not the famous irrational number pi, but an incredible simulation.
A backscratcher will always find new itches. — Gomme
A backward poet writes inverse.
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two tired.
A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.
A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
A bird in the hand makes it hard to blow your nose.
A blind skydiver knows he's approaching the ground when the leash goes slack.
A boss with no humor is like a job that's no fun.
A cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education. — Mark Twain
A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion.
A clean tie attracts the soup of the day.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
A comet is about as close to nothing as you can get and still have something.
A committee is an animal with at least six legs, and no brain. — Robert Heinlein
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
A consultant saves his client almost enough to pay his fee. — Arnold Glasgow
A corkscrew is the best thing with which to open a conversation.
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats. — Franklin
A couple of months in the lab can often save a couple of hours in the library.
A crisis is when you can't say, "Let's just forget the whole thing." — Ferguson
A day without fusion is like a day without sunshine.
A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.
A day without sunshine is like night.
A dean is to a faculty as a hydrant is to a dog. — Alfred Kahn
A diamond is just a lump of coal that made good under pressure.
A dime is a dollar after the taxes are taken out.
A drink a day keeps the shrink away. — Edward Abbey
A fail-safe circuit will destroy others. — Klipstein
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
A fool and his money are soon invited places.
A fool and his money are soon partying.
A fool and his money stabilize the economy.
A fool with money to burn soon meets his match.
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your mother.
A friend in need is a pest indeed.
A gambler plays slot machines. I prefer to OWN slot machines. — Donald Trump
A general leading the State Department resembles a dragon commanding ducks.
A good compromise is where two people both end up unhappy.
A good landing: You can walk away. A great landing: You can reuse the airplane.
A good scapegoat is hard to find.
A harp is a nude piano.
A helicopter is just a bunch of parts flying in close formation.
A home where the buffalo roam... Is messy.
A homeowner's reach should exceed her grasp, or what's a weekend for?
A husband is living proof that a wife can take a joke.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance from Mom.
A kid'll eat the middle of an Oreo, eventually.
A king's castle is his home.
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
A lady draws a line, while a tramp falls for a line. — Robert Byrne
A lady is chaste. A tramp is chased.
A lady lives for a loving. A tramp loves for a living.
A lie in time saves nine.
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths. — Steven Wright
A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls.
A male gynecologist is like an auto mechanic who never owned a car. — Snow
A man in the house is worth two in the street. — Mae West
A man is incomplete until he is married. After that, he is finished. — Zsa Zsa Gabor
A man needs a mistress just to break the monogamy.
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
A man without a woman is like a fish without gills.
A man's got to do what a man's got to do. A woman must do what he can't.
A man's home is his castle, in a manor of speaking.
A man's house is his hassle.
A million here, a million there; soon you're talking real money. — Sen. Everett Dirksen
A modest little person, with much to be modest about. — Winston Churchill
A motion to adjourn is always in order.
A movie's badness is directly proportional to the number of helicopters in it.
A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants. — Ella Wilcox
A penny saved has not been spent.
A penny saved is an economic breakthrough.
A penny saved is better than a penny earned — after taxes.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
A person is innocent until proven President.
A pessimist is a married optimist.
A plateau is a high form of flattery.
A poet can survive anything but a misprint. — Oscar Wilde
A poet who reads his verse in public might have other nasty habits.
A preposition is a terrible word to end a sentence with. — William Safire
A pun is the lowest form of humor — when you don't think of it first.
A quarter ounce of chocolate equals four pounds of fat.
A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air. — Franklin Roosevelt
A recent survey indicated 54% of the population is interested in statistics.
A recent survey proved 51% of the population are in the majority.
A Renaissance man diffuses to refine himself. — Steve Hug
A ring is a hole with a rim round it.
A rolling stone gathers momentum.
A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.
A sadist is a person who is kind to a masochist. — Arthur Koestler
A sentence is worth a thousand words.
A ship carrying a cargo of yo-yos was hit by a typhoon and sank 23 times.
A shortcut is the longest path between two points.
A sine curve goes off to infinity, or at least the end of the blackboard.
A sinking ship gathers no moss. — Donald Kaul
A small town that cannot support one lawyer can always support two.
A smile is a curve that can set a lot of things straight.
A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.
A soft drink turneth away company.
A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.
A successful American spends more supporting the government than a family.
A sucking chest wound is nature's way of telling you to slow down.
A table centerpiece should never be anything prepared by a taxidermist.
A taxi driver is a man who drives away customers. — Henry Cate
A theorist right once in ten is a hero; an observer wrong that often is a bum.
A theory is better than its explanation. — Woodward
A triangle that has an angle of 135 degrees is called an obscene triangle.
A truly wise person never plays leapfrog with a Unicorn.
A university without students is like an ointment without a fly. — Ed Nather
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper its printed on. — Samuel Goldwyn
A virtuoso is a musician with real high morals.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind. — Ziggy
A watched clock never boils. — Tom Weller
A wedding is a funeral where a man smells his own flowers.
A white bear which is nice, then nasty, then nice, is a... Bipolar bear.
A woman need not reveal her age, only her passions.
A young child is a noise with dirt on it.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
Abandoning my search for truth, now I search for petrified wood.
About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
About when we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends. — Herbert Hoover
Abraham Lincoln became America's greatest precedent.
Absence makes the heart go wander.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder... For someone else.
Absolute truth is a 5-4 decision by the Supreme Court.
Absolutum obsoletum. (If it works, it is out of date.) — Stafford Beer
Abstain from wine, women, and song; mostly song.
Abstinence makes the heart grow fonder.
Abstinence vanishes with presence.
Absurdity: Statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own opinion.
Academy: A modern school where football is taught.
Accept a breath mint if someone offers you one. — H. Jackson Brown
Accident: When presence of mind is good, but absence of body is better.
According to my calculations, the problem does not exist.
According to the official figures, 43% of all statistics are totally worthless.
Accordionated: Able to drive and refold a road map at the same time.
Accuracy: The vice of being right.
Acting: An art that consists of keeping the audience from coughing.
Activation Energy: The useful energy available in one cup of coffee.
Actors will happen in the best-regulated families.
Acupuncture is a jab well done.
Ad: Amana washer $100. Owned by clean bachelor who seldom washed.
Ad: Cute kitten for sale, 2 cents or best offer.
Ad: Free puppies: 1/2 cocker spaniel, 1/2 sneaky neighbor dog.
Ad: Georgia peaches — California grown — 89 cents/lb.
Ad: Joining nudist colony, must sell washer & dryer — $300.
Ad: Snow blower for sale... Only used on snowy days.
Ad: Tickle Me Elmo. New in box. Hardly tickled. $700.
Admiration: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
Adolescence: That period of time between puberty and adultery.
Adult: A person that has stopped growing at both ends but not in the middle.
Adult: One old enough to know better.
Adultery: Putting yourself in someone else's position.
Adults are just kids who owe money.
Advanced design: Upper management doesn't understand it.
Advanced technology: It's too complicated for me.
Adventure is a sign of incompetence. — Roald Amundsen
Advertising is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission. — Fred Allen
Aeroma: Odor emanating from an exercise room after an aerobics workout.
Affluenza: Compulsively buying possessions to satisfy some inner urge. — Moxcey
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done. — Olmstead
After having sex, talk to your wife, if there is a phone in reach.
After painting the town red, take a rest before applying a second coat.
Afterism: A concise, clever statement you don't think of until too late. — Thom
Afternoon very favorable for romance. Try a single person for a change.
Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
Age is not important unless you're a cheese.
Aging is a birth defect. — Al Rosenthal
Aging is a non-curable disease. — Seneca
Aging means it takes all day to do what you used to be able to do all day.
Agriculture is something like farming; only farming is doing it.
Ah, to be a buzzard now that spring is here! — Edward Abbey
Aiming for the least common denominator sometimes causes division by zero.
Air is water with holes in it.
Air travel: Breakfast in London, dinner in New York, luggage in Brazil.
Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value. — Marechal Foch
Alaska is our biggest, buggiest, boggiest state. — Edward Abbey
Alcohol and calculus don't mix. Never drink and derive.
Alcohol kills you slowly, but who's in a hurry?
Alcoholic: Someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do. — Dylan Thomas
Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall, aleph-null bottles of beer...
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
Alimony is a splitting headache.
Alimony is the high cost of leaving.
All bleeding eventually stops.
All conversations with a potato should be conducted in private.
All I ask is the chance to prove that money cannot make me happy. — Lauris
All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance.
All I want is a little more than I'll ever get.
All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power. — Ashleigh Brilliant
All men are created equal, but some must be sent to Siberia. — Henry Cate
All men are created equal. All women are created superior. — Cathy Guisewitz
All men are idiots, and I married their king.
All my friends and I are crazy. That's the only thing that keeps us sane.
All new: Parts not interchangeable with previous model.
All people are born alike — except Republicans and Democrats. — Groucho Marx
All probabilities are really 50%. Either a thing will happen or it won't.
All signs in metric for the next 20 miles. — road sign in Ohio
All syllogisms have three parts; therefore this is not a syllogism.
All that glitters has a high refractive index.
All the good ones are taken. — Suzy Harris
All the men on my staff can type. — Bella Abzug
All the modern inconveniences... — Mark Twain
All the parts falling off this car are of the very finest British manufacture.
All the points in between are, well, in between. — Jim Morrison
All things are possible, except skiing through a revolving door.
All things being equal, fat people use more soap.
All things being equal, I'd rather be created. — John Taylor
All things considered, life is 9 to 5 against.
All trails have more uphill sections than they have downhill sections.
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.
All we need here, God, is one little precision earthquake.
All you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk.
All's well that ends.
Allow me to introduce my selves.
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Almost everyone agrees it's fair to discriminate against lazy and stupid people.
Alpha geek: The most technically proficient member of an engineering team.
Although our information is incorrect, we do not vouch for it. — Erik Satie
Although the moon is 1/4 the size of the earth, it is much farther away.
Aluminum rain: What falls after a midair passenger exchange.
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Always draw your curves, then plot the data.
Always drink upstream from the herd.
Always hire a rich attorney. Never buy from a rich salesman. — Goldenstern
Always identify people in your yard before shooting at them.
Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.
Always offer to bait your date's hook, especially on the first date.
Always pick on the correct idiom. — William Safire
Always remember that you are unique... Just like everyone else.
Always remember to pillage BEFORE you burn.
Always take both skis off before hanging them up.
Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing that way.
Am I in charge here?... No, but I'm full of ideas. — Dr. Who
Ambiguity: Telling the truth when you don't mean to.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy. — Charlie McCarthy
Ambivalent? Well, yes and no.
America was created by geniuses to be run by idiots.
America: A nice place to own, but I wouldn't want to live there.
Amnesia used to be my favorite word, but then I forgot it.
Amoebit: Amoeba/rabbit cross; it can multiply and divide at the same time.
Among economists, the real world is often a special case. — Horngren
An after-dinner speaker is the fellow who starts the bull rolling.
An after-dinner speaker rises to the occasion — and stays too long.
An airplane glides through the air; a helicopter beats the air into submission.
An ambush: Engaging the enemy on all sides.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away... If it is aimed well.
An apple a day makes 365 apples a year. — Tom Weller
An apple every eight hours keeps three doctors away.
An artist should be fit for the best society and kept out of it.
An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
An elm's bark is worse when there's blight. — Henry Gay
An example of hard water is ice.
An expert has a great reason for guessing wrong.
An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes in a very narrow field. — Neils Bohr
An expert is a person who knows more and more about less and less. — Butler
An expert is one who is never in doubt, but often in error.
An honest God's the noblest work of man. — Robert Ingersoll
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.
An informed citizen panics more intelligently.
An object at rest will always be in the wrong place.
An object in motion will always be headed in the wrong direction.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
An ounce of rejection is worse than a pound of "sure".
An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys. — Van Roy
Anarchy is against the law.
Anarchy might not be the best form of government, but it is better than none.
Anarchy: It's not a law, it's just a good idea.
And don't start a sentence with a conjunction.
And now for something completely different.
Animal testing is a terrible idea; they get all nervous and give wrong answers.
Answer my prayers, steal this car.
Antonym: The opposite of the word you are trying to think of.
Any country with "democratic" in the title isn't. — Murray
Any idiot can face a crisis; it is this day-to-day living that wears you out.
Any landing you can walk away from is a good one.
Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way. — Malek
Any smoothly functioning technology is indistinguishable from a "rigged" demo. — J.L. Marsh
Any technology distinguishable from magic is insufficiently advanced.
Any tool when dropped rolls into the least accessible corner.
Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours. — Oliver Holmes
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
Anyone can admit they were wrong; the true test is admitting it to someone else.
Anyone can keep a marriage together, but staying happily divorced takes work!
Anyone can make an omelet with eggs. The trick is to make one with none.
Anyone who doesn't cut his speed at the sight of a police car is parked.
Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined. — Samuel Goldwyn
Anyone who makes an absolute statement is a fool.
Anything can be made to work if you fiddle with it long enough.
Anything dropped in the bathroom falls in the toilet.
Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or fattening. — Pardo
Anything that doesn't make sense ends up in court and becomes case law.
Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate.
Anything worth doing is a lot more difficult than it's worth. — Scott Adams
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly. — Mae West
Anything worth fighting for is worth fighting dirty for.
Anything you do can get you shot, including nothing.
Anything you say will be misquoted, then used against you.
Apart from the unknowns, everything is obvious. — James Hogan
Apparently the Creator likes diversity a lot more than we humans do.
Appearances are not everything; it just looks like they are.
Aquadextrous: Able to turn the bathtub faucet on and off with your toes.
Arachnoleptic fit: Frantic dance just after running into a spider web.
Archaeologists will date any old thing.
Archeology is the only profession where your future lies in ruins.
Are you going to be more interesting than you were yesterday?
Are you lustworthy?
Are you making this up as you go along?
Arguments are to be avoided; they are always vulgar and often convincing.
Arguments with furniture are rarely productive.
Arithmetic is counting to twenty without taking off your shoes. — Mickey Mouse
Art is anything you can get away with. — Marshall McLuhan
Artery: Study of paintings.
As a matter of fact, I DO own the road!
As God is my witness, Andy, I thought that turkeys could fly. — WKRP
As I learn to trust the universe, I no longer need to carry a gun.
As is often the case when I generalize, I don't care. — Dave Barry
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
Ask about our layaway plan. — sign in funeral parlor
Ask about our plans for owning your home. — sign in loan company office
Ask not for whom the bell tolls, and pay only station-to-station rates.
Astronauts are out to launch.
At 300 miles an hour, you can make a rock fly. — Sam Wheeler
At least five buses go by in the opposite direction before yours arrives.
At least I have a positive attitude about my destructive habits.
At some point you stop lying about your age and start bragging about it.
At these prices, I lose money — but I make it up in volume. — Peter Alaquon
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Atheists are beyond belief.
Atheists are people with no invisible means of support.
Auditors always reject expense accounts with a bottom line divisible by five.
Auntie Em: Hate you, hate Kansas, taking the dog. — Dorothy
Author: An imaginary person who writes real books. — Edward Abbey
Authority: A person who can tell you more than you really care to know.
Autobiography is fiction written by the one who knows the facts.
Automobile: A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians.
Avoid cliches like the plague; seek viable alternatives. — William Safire
Avoid colloquial stuff.
Avoid commas, that are not necessary.
Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky. — William Safire
Avoid truth decay. Be sure to use mental floss twice a day. — Steve Bhaerman
Babies can't walk because their legs aren't long enough to reach the ground.
Babies learn decibels before they learn syllables.
Bachelor: A guy who is footloose and fiancee-free.
Bachelor: A man who never made the same mistake once.
Bachelor: A selfish guy who has cheated some woman out of a divorce. — Quinn
Bacteria are the only culture some people have.
Bad luck is being run over by the welcome wagon.
Bad weather reports are more often right than good ones.
Bakers trade bread recipes on a knead-to-know basis.
Ban the bomb. Save the world for conventional warfare.
Bananosecond: The time between slipping on a peel and landing on the pavement.
Banectomy: The removal of bruises on a banana. — Rich Hall
Barium: What doctors do when treatment fails.
Baseball is religion without the mischief. — Tom Boswell
Baseball is to football as Beethoven is to rap. — Patrick Mott
Basic unit of laryngitis: 1 hoarsepower.
Be a better psychiatrist and the world will beat a psychopath to your door.
Be alert; the world needs more lerts.
Be careful not to screw yourself in the foot.
Be careful of reading health books; you might die of a misprint. — Mark Twain
Be content with what you've got, but be sure you've got plenty.
Be different, act normal.
Be glad you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?
Be kind to your inferiors, if you can find any.
Be kind to your knees. You'll miss them when they're gone. — Mary Schmich
Be nice to your kids; they will choose your nursing home.
Be of good cheer: We'll live to piss on the graves of our enemies. — Edward Abbey
Be patient and achieve all things. Be impatient and achieve all things faster.
Be reasonable: Do it my way.
Be sure to poofread your writing.
Be wary of strong drink. It can make you shoot at tax collectors and miss.
Beam me up, Scotty. There's no intelligent life down here. — James Kirk
Beauty is in the body of the beholdee. — John Taylor
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder...
Beauty is only skin deep, but it is very agreeable, for all that. — Cobbett
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
Beauty times brains equals a constant.
Becoming overweight is something that snacks up on you.
Bedfellows make strange politicians.
Beer, one of my favorite solvents... It dissolves even thoughts! — JR Hodel
Before enlightenment, also do the laundry. — Alan Silverstein
Before they invented drawing boards, what did they go back to?
Before you find your handsome prince, you must kiss a lot of frogs.
Begathon: A multi-day event on public television, used to raise money. — Hall
Behaviorism is the art of pulling habits out of rats. — O'Neill
Behold the warranty: The bold print giveth, and the fine print taketh away.
Being a good communicator means people find out what's really wrong with you.
Being a woman is quite difficult since it consists mainly of dealing with men.
Being normal is driving me crazy.
Being popular is important. Otherwise people might not like you.
Benjamin Franklin died in 1790 and is still dead.
Benjamin Franklin produced electricity by rubbing cats backwards.
Best gift for the person who has everything: A burglar alarm.
Best place to take a leak. — sign in radiator shop
Better living through denial.
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before. — Mae West
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Beware of a tall dark man with a spoon up his nose.
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
Beware of Natural Selection. — Bob Thaves
Bigamy is having one spouse too many. Monogamy is the same.
Billboard: Keep your eyes on the road and stop reading these signs.
Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed of checks.
Biological Science: A contradiction in terms.
Biology grows on you.
Birth control pills are tax-deductible, but only if they fail. — Dear Abby
Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night.
Black Holes were created when God divided by zero!
Blamestorming: A group figuring out who was responsible for a failure.
Blessed are the brief, for they shall have lower phone bills.
Blessed are the meek for they shall inhibit the Earth.
Blessed are the young for they shall inherit the national debt. — Herbert Hoover
Blessed are they that run around in circles, for they shall be known as wheels.
Blood flows down one leg and up the other.
Bluntness: The art of saying nothing in a way that leaves nothing unsaid.
Boat: A hole in the water into which one throws money.
Bore: A person who talks when you wish him to listen. — Ambrose Bierce
Bore: He who talks so much about himself that you can't talk about yourself.
Bore: The kind of man who, when you ask him how he is, tells you. — Pollock
Bore: Wraps up a two-minute idea in a two-hour vocabulary. — Winchell
Born free... Taxed to death.
Born to shop!
Boss spelled backwards is, "double S.O.B." — Reid Stanley
Bozone: Substance surrounding idiots that stops bright ideas from penetrating.
Brad, where Tad had had "had had", had had "had". "Had had" had had me glad.
Brain cells come and brain cells go, but fat cells live forever.
Brain: The apparatus with which we think that we think. — Ambrose Bierce
Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.
Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
Brigands ask for your money or your life; spouses require them both.
Broad-mindedness: The result of flattening high-mindedness out.
Budget: A method for going broke methodically.
Budget: A method of worrying before you spend money, as well as afterward.
Budget: Mathematical confirmation of your suspicions. — Latimer
Bumper sticker on an old truck: Don't Laugh — Your Daughter Might Be In Here.
Bumper sticker, Dec 2000: Don't Blame Me, I Voted for Al Gore... I Think.
Bumper sticker: Don't Honk, I'm Pedaling as Fast as I Can.
Bumper sticker: Forget about World Peace... Visualize using your turn signal.
Bumper sticker: Friends Don't Let Friends Vote Republican.
Bumper sticker: Horn broken. Watch for finger.
Bumper sticker: Hug Your Kids at Home and Belt Them in the Car.
Bumper sticker: I Brake for Hallucinations.
Bumper sticker: I'd rather be teleporting.
Bumper sticker: If you can read this, I can hit my brakes and sue you.
Bumper sticker: My Child Can Beat Up Your Honor Student.
Bumper sticker: Stamp out crime; Abolish the IRS.
Bumper sticker: Your kid might be an honors student, but you're still an idiot.
Bureaucracy: A method of transforming energy into solid waste.
Bureaucrat: A person who cuts red tape sideways. — J. McCabe
Bureaucrat: A politician with tenure.
Bureaucratic organization is like a septic tank: Big chunks rise to the top.
Business before pleasure unless pleasure is your business.
Business will be either better or worse. — Calvin Coolidge
But enough about me. Let's talk about you. What do you think of me? — Midler
But officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!
But two in the bush are more FUN than one in the hand!
Buy a stock, if it goes up, sell it, if it goes down, don't buy it.
By self-pollination, the farmer might get a flock of long-haired sheep.
By the time you have the right answers, no one is asking you questions.
Cabnicreep: When closing one kitchen cabinet causes another to open.
California is proud to be the home of the freeway. — Ronald Reagan
Californians are not without their faults.
Calling a person a runner-up is a polite way of saying they lost.
Can a man do no worse than to fall in love?
Can I yell "movie" in a crowded firehouse?
Can you be a closet claustrophobic?
Can you think of another word for "synonym"?
Candy / is dandy / but liquor / is quicker. — Ogden Nash
Capitalism is based on the assumption that you can win.
Car service: If it ain't broke, we'll break it.
Career plans: "I want to rule the world." — Madonna
Careful planning will never replace dumb luck.
Carpenters (and pilots) are just plane folks.
Cashtration: Buying a house renders you financially impotent for a long time.
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, while dogs only have about ten.
Cauterize: Made eye contact with a woman.
Caution: Breathing might be hazardous to your health.
Celibacy is hereditary.
Chainsaw consultant: An outside expert brought in to fire employees.
Change is great... You go first.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
Character density: The number of very weird people in the office.
Charity: A thing that begins at home and usually stays there.
Charles Darwin was a naturalist who wrote the organ of the species.
Charm: A way of getting a "yes" — without having asked any clear question.
Chastity is the most unnatural of the sexual perversions. — Aldous Huxley
Cheap: Much less expensive than ones selling for up to twice as much.
Chemicals: Noxious substances from which modern foods are made.
Chicken Little was right.
Children act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good manners.
Children are a nine month illness and a lifetime convalescence. — Benito Galdos
Children are beloved sources of dirty laundry and ceaseless noise. — Bill Cosby
Choconiverous: Biting off the head of the chocolate Easter bunny first.
Choice is good. Except for those people who choose poorly. — Bob Proulx
Cinemuck: Popcorn, soda, and candy that covers the floors of movie theaters.
Circle: A line that meets its other end without ending.
Citation: Reputation by repetition. — Gerhard Uhlenbruck
Civilization exists by geological consent, subject to revocation without notice. — Will Durant
Cleaning one's ears should be done in private using one's OWN truck keys.
Cleanliness is next to impossible.
Clients who pay the least complain the most.
Climate: What you expect. Weather: What you get.
Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Cogito Eggo sum. (I think, therefore I am a waffle.)
Cogito ergo spud (I think, therefore I yam).
College: The fountains of knowledge, where everyone goes to drink.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Come in and buy what your grandparents threw away. — antique store
Come up and see me sometime when I've nothing but the wireless on. — Mae West
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious. — Peter Ustinov
Comets are like cats: They have tails and do what they want. — David Levy
Committee: People who keep minutes and waste hours. — Milton Berle
Committee: The unwilling, selected from the unfit, to do the unnecessary.
Common sense: The collection of prejudices acquired by age 18. — Einstein
Compromise: A deal in which two people get what neither of them want.
Concentrated bases are much more dangerous since YOU are soluble in them.
Concept: Any "idea" for which an outside consultant bills more than $25,000.
Concern is the first time you can't do it the second time. — Isaac Asimov
Conference: Where many people gather to decide nothing can be done alone.
Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career.
Confidence: The feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Conform, go crazy, or become an artist.
Confound those who have said our remarks before us. — Aelius Donatus
Confucius say too much. — recent Chinese proverb
Congress is not the sole suppository of wisdom. — Rep. Bill Schuette (R-MI)
Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends. — H. L. Mencken
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking. — Mencken
Conscience is the thing that hurts when everything else feels great.
Conscious is being aware of something; conscience is wishing you weren't.
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
Conservative: A Liberal who has just been mugged.
Conservative: A man who just sits and thinks, mostly sits. — Woodrow Wilson
Conservative: A person who believes nothing should be done for the first time.
Conservative: One who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run.
Consider what might be fertilizing the greener grass across the fence.
Consultant: Someone who knowns 101 ways to make love, but can't get a date.
Consultation: Medical term meaning "to share the wealth."
Contents: One universe. Some assembly required. — Bob Thaves
Continental Life. Why do you ask?
Contraceptives should be used on every conceivable occasion.
Coordinator: Brings organized chaos out of regimented confusion.
Coordinator: The guy with his desk between two expediters.
Corduroy pillows are making headlines.
Correct to within an order of magnitude: Wrong.
Cosmetics are a woman's way of keeping a man from reading between the lines.
Could you be a poster child for retroactive birth control?
Courage: Two cannibals having oral sex.
Coward: One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs. — Bierce
Crazee Edeee, his prices are INSANE!!!
Credit is what keeps you from knowing how far past broke you are.
Crime does not pay... As well as politics. — A. E. Newman
Criticism is not nearly as effective as sabotage.
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country. — Steve Wright
Culture is for bacteria. — Christopher Hyatt
Customers are beautiful people. Listen to them. — Richard Whitley
Cut to measurements; file to shape; hammer to fit.
Cynic: A person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern. — Shoaff
Cynic: A person who tells you the truth about your own motives. — Russel Green
Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.
Danger! I drive like you do.
Dare to be average.
Dark dirt is attracted to light objects, and light dirt to dark objects.
Dating is never easy for engineers. — Scott Adams
De-access your euphemisms.
Death and taxes are inevitable; at least death doesn't get worse every year.
Death comes to all men, but some just can't wait. — Darwin Awards
Death has been proven to be 99% fatal to laboratory rats.
Death is God's way of telling you not to be such a wiseguy.
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired. — R. Geis
Death is often a good career move for an author. — Nassim Taleb
Death is the greatest kick of all. That's why they save it for last.
Death: To stop sinning suddenly. — Elbert Hubbard
Defense attorney's ad: Reasonable Doubt At Reasonable Prices.
Deja Fu: The feeling that you have been kicked in the head like this before.
Deja Moo: The feeling that you have heard this BS before.
Delegates from the original thirteen states formed the Contented Congress.
Deliberation: Examining one's bread to determine which side it is buttered on.
Democracy is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses. — H. L. Mencken
Demons are a ghoul's best friend.
Dentists are incapable of asking questions that need a simple yes or no answer.
Design simplicity: Developed on a shoe-string budget.
Despite treatment, the patient improved.
Dew is formed on leaves when the sun shines on them and makes them perspire.
Diamonds are a girl's best friend. Dogs are man's best friend. Who's smarter?
Diets are for people who are thick and tired of it.
Difference between a garbage dump and a sanitary landfill: About $20 a load.
Difference between artist and craftsman: A craftsman knows what he's doing.
Dijon vu — the same mustard as before.
Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.
Dinosaurs were calm because they lived in pre-hysteric times.
Diplomacy: Saying "go to hell" such that they look forward to the trip.
Diplomacy: The art of letting someone else have your way.
Diplomacy: The art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock.
Diplomat: A man who can convince his wife she would look stout in a fur coat.
Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
Disconfect: Blowing on a piece of candy retrieved from the floor.
Disguise your feelings when you put your relatives on the plane for home.
Distinctive: A different color or shape than our competitors.
Diversity's fine; subscribe to mine.
Divorce is having your genitals torn off through your wallet. — Robin Williams
Divorced: Post-graduate in the School of Love.
Do as I say, not as I do.
Do cemetery workers prefer the graveyard shift?
Do hungry crows have ravenous appetites?
Do I strike you as a violent person? — Brian Hammer
Do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery?
Do married people live longer, or does it just seem that way?
Do not be led astray onto the path of virtue.
Do not drink and drive. You might hit a bump and spill it!
Do not drink coffee in the morning or it will keep you awake until noon.
Do not judge a book by its movie.
Do not kiss an elephant on the lips today.
Do not let people drive you crazy when you know it's within walking distance.
Do not merely believe in miracles; rely on them. — Finagle
Do not put statements in the negative form. — William Safire
Do not read beauty magazines. They will only make you feel ugly. — Schmich
Do not repeat yourself or say what you have said before.
Do not suffer from insanity. Enjoy every minute of it.
Do not tell big lies. Small ones can be just as effective.
Do not underestimate the power of the Force.
Do not use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice.
Do not use a foreign term when there is an adequate English quid pro quo.
Do not use contractions in formal writing.
Do not use hyperbole; not one writer in a million can use it effectively.
Do not worry about temptation. As you grow older, it starts avoiding you.
Do unto others as they wish to do unto you, but do it first. — Mayor Curley
Do unto others before they undo you.
Do you ever stop to think and then forget to start again?
Do you find yourself thinking more and enjoying it less?
Do you have lysdexia?
Do YOU have redeeming social value?
Do you think much about dying? No, it's the last thing I want to do. — Abby
Does fuzzy logic tickle?
Does the name "Pavlov" ring a bell?
Does this hurt? How about now? — Scott Adams
Dog wisdom: Never pass up the opportunity to go for a joyride.
Dog wisdom: When loved ones come home, always run to greet them.
Dog wisdom: When you are happy, dance around and wag your entire body.
Doing nothing makes you tired because you can't take a break.
Don't be fooled by his twinkling eyes; it's the sun shining between his ears.
Don't be humble... You're not that great. — Golda Meir
Don't bother me, I'm living happily ever after.
Don't create a problem for which you do not have the answer. — Burke
Don't do anything in public that you wouldn't do in private.
Don't do anything you'll regret having not done sooner.
Don't eat the yellow snow.
Don't force it, get a larger hammer. — Anthony
Don't forget to never use negative commands.
Don't get even — get odd! — Steve Bhaerman
Don't get stuck in a closet; wear yourself out.
Don't give someone a piece of your mind unless you can afford it.
Don't go away mad... Just go away!
Don't lend people money... It gives them amnesia.
Don't make me come down there... — God
Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper. — Scottish Proverb
Don't mind him; politicians always sound like that.
Don't open bills on the weekend. — H. Jackson Brown
Don't overuse exclamation marks! — William Safire
Don't panic, but do you believe in reincarnation? — Bob Thaves
Don't pick on your sister when she's holding a baseball bat. — Joel, age 10
Don't pray in my school, and I won't think in your church.
Don't say yes until I finish talking. — Darryl Zanuck
Don't steal. The government hates competition.
Don't sweat the petty things — just pet the sweaty things.
Don't take life too seriously; you won't get out of it alive. — Hubbard
Don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree. — Russell Long
Don't tell me not to burn the candle at both ends; tell me how to get more wax!
Don't undertake vast projects with half-vast ideas.
Don't use no double negatives, not never.
Don't vote — it only encourages them!
Don't wear your glasses on a blind date. You'll look better, and he will too.
Don't worry, if everything worked right you'd be out of a job.
Don't worry; the brontosaurus is slow, stupid, and placid.
Don't you hate it when you lock your keys out of your car? — Scott Adams
Don't you have anything more useful you could be doing?
Dopelar effect: How stupid ideas seem smarter if they come at you fast.
Down with the categorical imperative!
Dress for radio. — Swami Beyondananda
Drilling for oil is boring.
Drive carefully. We are overstocked. — sign in junkyard
Drive on ice no faster than you want to hit something.
Driving in the snow is a spectator sport.
Drug: A substance that, when injected into a rat, produces a scientific paper.
Drugs are the scenic route to nowhere.
Ducks? What ducks??
Due to a mixup in Urology, orange juice will not be served this morning.
Dumbwaiter: One who asks if the kids would care to order dessert.
Dying is easy. Comedy is difficult.
Dyslexics of the world, untie! — Andrew Jamner
Eagles may soar, free and proud, but weasels never get sucked into jet engines.
Early to bed and early to rise, 'til I make enough to otherwise.
Early to rise and early to bed makes a man healthy and wealthy and dead.
Earth Destroyed by Solar Flare — Film at eleven.
Earth got a lot more interesting once it went multicellular.
Earth is a great funhouse without the fun. — Jeff Berner
Easiest way to figure the cost of living: Take your income and add ten percent.
Eat a live toad in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you that day.
Eat yogurt and get culture.
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow it might be illegal.
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we diet. — Lewis Henry
Ecology: The study of who eats whom.
Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
Education helps earning capacity. Ask any college professor.
Education: That which enables you to get into more intelligent trouble.
Eeny, Meeny, Jelly Beanie, the spirits are about to speak...
Efficiency: Getting someone to do the work you don't like to do.
Egocentric: A person who believes he is everything you know you are.
Egotism: Doing a crossword puzzle with a pen.
Eighty percent of all people consider themselves to be above average drivers.
Either do wrong or feel guilty, but don't do both. — Rudolf Dreikurs
Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped. — last words of Groucho Marx
Either that wallpaper goes, or I do. — last words of Oscar Wilde
Elbonics: Two people maneuvering for one armrest in a movie theater.
Elections come and go, but politics are always with us.
Electricity comes from electrons; morality comes from morons.
Elephant: A mouse built to government specifications.
Eliminate government waste, no matter how much it costs!
Eloquence is logic on fire.
Employees enjoy the illusion of security; contractors, of independence.
Emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far. Especially if they are dead.
Emus cannot walk backwards.
Energizer Bunny arrested — charged with battery.
Engineers are widely recognized as superior marriage material. — Scott Adams
Engineers can actually hear machines talk to them. — Scott Adams
Engineers will go without food and hygiene for days to solve a problem. — Adams
Engineers... They love to change things. — Leonard McCoy MD
Enjoy life; you could have been a barnacle.
Enough research will tend to support your theory.
Entropy isn't what it used to be.
Epigram: Half-truth stated so as to irritate people who believe the other half.
Epitaph: A postponed compliment.
Eschew obfuscation.
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it. — Woody Allen
Even a genius can have an off-day. — Wile E. Coyote
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Even if you can't get a date, avoid kidnapping; it's bad for your reputation.
Every baby resembles the relative with the most money. — James Hastings
Every cloud has a silver lining; you should have sold it, and bought titanium.
Every day more money is printed for the Monopoly game than for the US Treasury.
Every four minutes a woman has a baby. Find this woman and stop her!
Every instructor assumes you have nothing else to do but study for that class.
Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.
Every lazybones deserves a kick in his can'ts.
Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
Every morning is the dawn of a new error.
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
Every time I close the door on reality, it comes in through the window.
Every time I lose weight, it finds me again.
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens. — Lieberman
Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it. — Warner
Everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise. — Atwood
Everyone gets lots of fertilizer; but what you plant is up to you.
Everyone has a photographic memory, but some do not have film.
Everyone is a genius. It is just that some people are too stupid to realize it.
Everyone is entitled to my opinion.
Everyone needs belief in something. I believe I'll have another beer.
Everyone stopping by with unsought advice will see your mistake.
Everyone's crazy but you and me, and I've been wondering about you lately.
Everyone's thinking part wonders what the part not thinking isn't thinking of.
Everything can be filed under "miscellaneous".
Everything coming your way? You're in the wrong lane!
Everything goes on sale... Right after you buy it.
Everything going good? You must have overlooked something.
Everything in moderation, including moderation.
Everything is actually everything else, just recycled.
Everything is always done for the wrong reasons. — O'Brian
Everything put together falls apart sooner or later. — Simon
Everything that can be invented has been invented. — Duell, patent commissioner
Everything worthwhile is mandatory, prohibited, or taxed.
Everything you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
Exceptions always outnumber rules.
Exceptions prove the rule, and wreck the budget. — Miller
Exclusive: We are the only ones who have the documentation.
Executive ability: Deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
Exercise extends your life ten years, but you spend 15 of them doing it.
Experience enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. — Jones
Experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined. — Horner
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it. — Olivier
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
Experiments should be reproducible. They should all fail the same way.
Expert: A person one step ahead of a non-expert.
Expert: A person who creates confusion out of simplicity.
Expert: Avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
Expert: Knows tomorrow why today's prediction failed.
f u cn rd ths, itn tyg h myxbl cd.
Fairy tale: A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.
Falling in love is awfully simple. Falling out of love is simply awful.
Familiarity breeds attempt.
Familiarity breeds contempt — and children. — Mark Twain
Families can choose between keeping up with their neighbors or their creditors.
Famous last words: Don't worry, I can handle it.
Fanatic: Someone who, having lost sight of his goal, redoubles his efforts.
Farmer: A man who is outstanding in his field.
Fashion: A form of ugliness so intolerable that it changes every six months.
Fast, Cheap, Good: Choose any two.
Faunacated: How wildlife ends up when its environment is destroyed.
Fear is nature's warning sign to get busy. — Henry Link
Federal Reserve: A reserve where federal employees hunt wild game.
Feel good? Don't worry, you'll get over it.
Felix navidad. (Our cat has a boat.)
Fenderberg: Deposit that forms on the inside of a car fender after a snowstorm.
Fertility is an inherited trait that never skips a generation. — Bob Thaves
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs.
Fidelity: A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
Field tested: Manufacturing doesn't have a test system.
Fill what's empty; empty what's full; scratch where it itches. — Longworth
Finance: Passing money from one hand to another until it finally disappears.
Financial manager: Someone who keeps investing your money until it's all gone.
Fine day for friends. So-so day for you.
First things first, but not necessarily in that order.
Fishing is a delusion entirely surrounded by liars in old clothes. — Marquis
Fishing: A jerk at one end of the line waiting for a jerk at the other end.
Fits like a sock on a duck's nose.
Five days a week, my body is a temple. The other two, it's an amusement park.
Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity. — Robert Firth
Five out of four people have trouble with fractions.
Flabbergasted: Appalled over how much weight you have gained.
Flashlight: A container for holding dead batteries.
Flopcorn: The unpopped kernels at the bottom of the cooker.
Flying is the second greatest experience known to man. Landing is the first.
Flying small aircraft makes everything else seem cheap by comparison.
Foodwinking: Giving exotic names to otherwise mundane food products.
Foolproof operation: No provision for adjustment.
Fools rush in — and get the best seats in the house.
Football, like religion, brings out the best in people. — Larry Chapman
For a good time, call 555-3100.
For adult education, nothing beats children.
For asphyxiation: Apply artificial respiration until the patient is dead.
For back-country preparedness, "what if" weighs about 20 pounds.
For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction. — Anthony Battista
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism. — Harrison
For every action, there is an equal and opposite government program. — Main
For every expert, there is an equal and opposite expert.
For every knee, there is a jerk.
For NASA, space is still a high priority. — Dan Quayle
For nosebleed: Put the nose much lower than the body.
For people who like peace and quiet: A phoneless cord.
For people who like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will like.
For sale: Secondhand tombstone. Good buy for a person named Murphy.
For some reason, this statement reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.
For things to stay the same, many things must change.
For this, I spent all those years in college?
For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
Foreploy: Any misrepresentation about yourself that leads to sex.
Form follows function, and often obliterates it.
Fortune favors the lucky. — Tom Weller
Fossil flowers come from the Petrified Florist.
Four kinds of homicide: Felonious, excusable, justifiable, and praiseworthy...
Four wheel drive: Lets you get more stuck, further from help.
Free love is priced right. — Edward Abbey
Freedom is just chaos, with better lighting. — Alan Foster
Frequent naps prevent old age, especially if taken while driving.
Friction is a drag.
Friend: One who knows all about you and loves you just the same. — Hubbard
Friends don't let friends beer goggle.
Friends help you move. Real friends help you move bodies.
Friends: People who borrow my books and set wet glasses on them. — Robinson
Friends: People who know you well, but like you anyway.
Frisbeetarianism: Belief that when dead, your soul gets stuck up on the roof.
Front seat children cause accidents; back seat accidents cause children.
Funny, I don't remember being absent-minded...
Furbling: Walking a maze of ropes even when you are the only person in line.
Gambling: The sure way of getting nothing for something. — Wilson Mizner
Garmites: Clothing that fits well in the store but shrinks on the way home.
Gee, I thought we'd be a lot higher at MECO! — Hawley, STS 41-D pad abort, 1984
Genderplex: Trying to determine from the cutesy pictures which restroom to use.
Generally you don't see that kind of behavior in a major appliance. — Murray
Generica: Mass-produced identical stores, etc. throughout America.
Genetics: Why you look like your father, or if you don't, why you should.
Genius is the infinite capacity for picking brains.
Genius: A chemist who discovers a laundry additive that rhymes with "bright".
Gentleman farmer: One who has more hay in the bank than in the barn.
Gentleman: Knows how to play the bagpipes, but doesn't.
Geometry teaches us to bisex angles.
Get out of an experience only the wisdom that is in it — and stop there.
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as much as you please. — Twain
Getting from A to B often requires visiting C through Z. — Alan Silverstein
Getting old is NOT for sissies. — Andy Hill
Giraffes have no vocal cords.
Giraffiti: Vandalism spray-painted very, very high.
Girls, like flowers, bloom but once. But once is enough. — Edward Abbey
Give a man a free hand and he'll run it all over you. — Mae West
Give a man enough rope and he will lasso another woman.
Give a skeptic an inch and he'll measure it.
Give me a lever long enough, and a place to stand, and I'll break my lever.
Give me a place to sit, and I'll watch.
Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles.
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
Give me chastity and continence, but not just now. — St. Augustine
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
Give your very best today. Heaven knows it is little enough.
Giving away baby clothes and furniture is the major cause of pregnancy.
Gleemites: Petrified deposits of toothpaste found in sinks.
Glibido: All talk and no action.
Go away. I'm all right. — last words of H. G. Wells
Go directly to jail. Do not pass Go, do not collect $200.
Go soothingly in the grease mud, as there lurks the skid demon.
Go to Heaven for the climate but Hell for the company. — Mark Twain
God could create everything in six days because he had no installed base.
God could not be everywhere; therefore he made mothers.
God created the Midwest to keep California 3000 miles away.
God divided things evenly: He gave food to the rich and appetite to the poor.
God don't make mistakes. That's how He got to be God. — Archie Bunker
God gave us two ears and one mouth. That ought to tell us something.
God gives us relatives; thank God we can choose our friends. — Addison Mizner
God has no real style, he just goes on trying other things. — Pablo Picasso
God help the poor, for the rich can help themselves.
God help us, we're in the hands of engineers. — Ian Malcom, "Jurassic Park"
God invented marijuana. Man invented beer. Who do you trust?
God is a low-impact camper.
God is a polytheist.
God is an extremely uneven writer, but when he's good, nobody can touch him.
God is dead. (Nietzsche) Nietzsche is dead. (God) Nietzsche is God. (the Dead)
God is my co-pilot, but the devil is my bombardier.
God is not dead. He is alive and autographing Bibles at Cody's!
God is not dead. He is alive and working on a much less ambitious project.
God is not dead. He just couldn't find a parking place.
God is religion. Love is biology. And sex is physics.
God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
God made the idiot for practice, and then he made the School Board. — Twain
God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.
God must love the common man — he made so many of them.
God was my co-pilot, but we crashed in the mountains and I had to eat him.
God, I ask for patience — and I want it right now!
Going the speed of light is bad for your age.
Gold: A metal men dig out of holes for dentists and governments to put back in.
Golf is like masturbation — fun to do, but disgusting to watch.
Good advertising can make people buy your product even if it sucks. — Adams
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
Good day for a change of scene. Repaper the bedroom wall.
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
Good news. Ten weeks from Friday will be a good day.
Good sopranos and tenors have resonance — where others have brains.
Good-bye. I am leaving because I am bored. — last words of George Saunders
Got mole problems? Call Avogadro: 6.02 x 10^23.
Government expands to absorb all available revenue and then some. — Wiker
Governmental machinery: Labor-saving device, lets ten men do the work of one.
Grad school is the snooze button on the alarm clock of life. — Jim Squire
Graduate life: It's not just a job, it's an indenture.
Graft: An illegal means of uniting trees to make money.
Grasshoppotamus: A creature that can leap to tremendous heights... Once.
Gravity: What you get when you eat too much and too fast.
Great leaders are rare, so I'm following myself.
Great minds run in great circles.
Grocery store wanted ad: Perishable Employee Needed. Experience Required.
Group IQ: Lowest IQ of any member divided by the number of people in the group.
Growing old is inevitable, but growing up is optional.
Grub first, then ethics. — Bertolt Brecht
Guests who kill talk show hosts — On the last Geraldo.
Gymnastics exercises our outsides while genetics exercises our insides.
Had there been an actual emergency, you would no longer be here.
Hailing frequencies open, Captain.
Half of the people you know are below average.
Half of what we taught you is wrong — and we don't know which half. — Neifert
Handel was half German, half Italian, and half English. He was rather large.
Hangover: The wrath of grapes.
Happiness is a ball in the fairway.
Happiness is an inside job. — Carolyn Myss
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch. — Ogden Nash
Happiness is your mother-in-law's picture on the back of a milk carton.
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off now.
Hard work might be respectable, but that doesn't make it popular.
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
Harlez-vous francais? (Can you drive a French motorcycle?)
Have a good laughsitive twice a day, and that will ensure regularhilarity.
Have an adequate day.
Have an ordinary day.
Have you flogged your crew today?
Have you noticed that most one-liners do not fit on one line? — Sundqvist
Haven't you got anyone better to do?
Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain.
Having children will turn you into your parents.
He got in touch with reality, but it was a bad connection. — Bob Thaves
He had delusions of adequacy. — Walter Kerr
He had insomnia so bad that he couldn't sleep when he was working. — Baer
He hadn't a single redeeming vice. — Oscar Wilde
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends. — Oscar Wilde
He has the heart of a little child... It's in a jar on his desk.
He is a player who can be relied upon to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory.
He is considered a most graceful speaker who can say nothing in the most words.
He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others. — Johnson
He is so short he has to reach up to tie his shoes.
He is so skinny he has to run around in the shower to get wet.
He is such a steady worker that he is really motionless.
He is the kind of man a woman would have to marry to get rid of. — Mae West
He knew the precise psychological moment when to say nothing. — Oscar Wilde
He leads his readers to the latrine and locks them in. — Oscar Wilde
He looked at me as if I was a side dish he hadn't ordered.
He loves nature in spite of what it did to him. — Forrest Tucker
He often broke into song because he couldn't find the key.
He speaks Esperanto like a native. — Martha Freedman
He that loves law will get his fill of it.
He was a suitor for her hand, but he did not suit her.
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
He who believes the past cannot be changed has not yet written his memoirs.
He who dies with the most toys has spent the most time on maintenance. — Dix
He who dies with the most toys is nonetheless dead.
He who dies with the most toys, wins.
He who enters the contest is optimistic as submarine with screen doors.
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
He who has had has been but he who has not been has been had.
He who hesitates is a damned fool. — Mae West
He who hesitates is last. — Mae West
He who hesitates is not only lost, but several miles from the next freeway exit.
He who hesitates is probably right.
He who hoots with owls by night cannot soar with eagles by day.
He who invents adages to peruse takes along rowboat when going on cruise.
He who is born to misfortune falls on his back and fractures his nose.
He who is content with his lot probably has a lot.
He who is still laughing hasn't yet heard the bad news. — Bertolt Brecht
He who knows all the answers never gets asked the questions.
He who laughs last didn't get the joke.
He who laughs last is probably your boss.
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
He who reads many fortunes gets confused.
He who shouts the loudest has the floor. — Swipple
He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks. — Chinese proverb
He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.
Headline: 20-Year Friendship Ends at Altar
Headline: Antique Stripper to Display Wares at Store
Headline: Autos Killing 110 a Day — Let's Resolve to Do Better
Headline: Blind Bishop Appointed to See
Headline: Blind Woman Gets New Kidney from Dad She Hasn't Seen in Years
Headline: Cold Wave Linked to Temperatures
Headline: Croupiers on Strike — Management: "No Big Deal"
Headline: Diaper Market Bottoms Out
Headline: Fund Set Up for Beating Victim's Kin
Headline: Half of U.S. High Schools Require Some Study for Graduation
Headline: Henshaw Offers Rare Opportunity to Goose Hunters
Headline: If Strike Isn't Settled Quickly, It May Last a While
Headline: Juvenile Court to Try Shooting Defendant
Headline: Killer Sentenced to Die for Second Time in 10 Years
Headline: L.A. Voters Approve Urban Renewal by Landslide
Headline: Lawyers Give Poor Free Legal Advice
Headline: Lingerie Shipment Hijacked — Thief Gives Police the Slip
Headline: March Planned for Next August
Headline: Nicaragua Sets Goal to Wipe Out Literacy
Headline: Patient at Death's Door — Doctors Pull Him Through
Headline: Prostitutes Appeal to Pope
Headline: Queen Mary Having Bottom Scraped
Headline: Stadium Air Conditioning Fails — Fans Protest
Headline: Teacher Strikes Idle Kids
Headline: War Dims Hope For Peace
Headline: Women's Movement Called More Broad-Based
Heads they win, tails you lose.
Health is just keeping well; hygiene is being clean about it.
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Hearsay: What toddlers do when anyone mutters a dirty word.
Heat expands: In the summer the days are longer.
Heating with wood, you get warm twice: Once chopping it, and once stacking it.
Heavy: Seduced by the chocolate side of the force.
HECK is where people go when they don't believe in GOSH!
Heineken Uncertainty Principle: Never sure how many beers you had last night.
Heinz Catsup leaving the bottle travels at 25 miles per year.
Heisenberg might have been here.
Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned. — Milton Friedman
Help fight continental drift.
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy.
Help Wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.
HELP! MY TYPEWRITER IS BROKEN! — E. E. CUMMINGS
Her kisses left something to be desired — the rest of her.
Here are the opinions on which my facts are based.
Here I am! Now what are your other two wishes?
Here is champagne to our real friends, and real pain to our sham friends.
Hi, my name's Ron, how do you like me so far?
Highbrow: A man who has discovered something more interesting than women.
Hippoposthumous: A deceased hippopotamus. — Bob Thaves
Hire the morally handicapped.
His mind is like a steel trap: Full of mice. — Foghorn Leghorn
His work is very poor, but at least it's slow.
History chronicles the small portion of the past that was suitable for print.
History does not repeat itself; historians merely repeat each other.
History repeats itself. That's one thing wrong with history.
Hit and run means never having to say you're sorry.
Hollywood is where if you don't have happiness you send out for it. — Rex Reed
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
Home is where the house is.
Honest men marry soon, wise men not at all. — Howell
Honesty is the best policy — there is less competition.
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough to suit some people. — Hubbard
Honeymoon: A short period of doting between dating and debting. — Ray Bandy
Honeymoon: A thrill of a wife time.
Honeymoon: The vacation a man takes before beginning work under a new boss.
Honk if you base your life on advice from bumper stickers. — Bob Thaves
Honk if you love peace and quiet.
Hors d'oeuvres: A ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
Horse sense: The thing a horse has that keeps it from betting on people.
Hospitality: Making your guests feel at home, even though you wish they were.
Hotdogs are best served with a ballgame.
How about never? Is never good for you?
How can I miss you if you won't go away?
How can someone "draw a blank"?
How can there be self-help groups?
How can you govern a nation which has 246 kinds of cheese? — Charles de Gaulle
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
How did a fool and his money get together in the first place?
How do they get all those little metal bits on a zipper to line up so well?
How do they get deer to cross at the yellow road signs?
How do you explain school to a higher intelligence? — Elliot
How do you keep a dummy in suspense?
How do you make an elephant float? Two scoops of elephant and some rootbeer...
How long is a minute depends on which side of the bathroom door you are on.
How long should a man's legs be? Long enough to reach the ground. — Lincoln
How many lawyers does it take to screw in a light bulb? All you can afford.
How many light bulb jokes does it take to change the subject?
How many weeks are there in a light year?
How much sin can you get away with and still go to heaven?
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck, if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.
How to paint a perfect painting: Make yourself perfect, then paint naturally.
How to regain your virginity: Reverse the process until it returns.
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
Human beings were created by water to transport it uphill.
Human nature will eventually reach perfection; we should enjoy ourselves now.
Humidity is the experience of looking for air and finding water.
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.
Humor is the best antidote to reality.
Humorists: Those who can talk sensibly about a controversy.
Husbands are like fires; they go out when they're unattended. — Zsa Zsa Gabor
I almost had a psychic girlfriend, but she left me before we met.
I am a creationist; I refuse to believe that I could have evolved from humans.
I am a great housekeeper. I get divorced. I keep the house. — Zsa Zsa Gabor
I am a Hollywood writer, so I put on a sports jacket and take off my brain.
I am a Libra. Libras don't believe in astrology. — Al Hibbs
I am a nutritional overachiever.
I am a vegetarian because I hate plants. — A. Whitney Brown
I am ashamed to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave.
I am at one with my duality.
I am defending her honor, which is more than she ever did.
I am dying beyond my means. — last words of Oscar Wilde, sipping champagne
I am dying with the help of too many physicians. — Alexander the Great
I am going to live forever, or die trying! — Spider Robinson
I am having an out of money experience.
I am Homer from BORG, prepare to be assim... Oooh, donuts!
I am in shape... Round is a shape!
I am looking for myself. Have you seen me lately?
I am neither for nor against apathy.
I am not a complete idiot, some parts are missing!
I am not a crook. — Richard Nixon
I am not a lovable man. — Richard Nixon
I am not a perfectionist, but my parents were.
I am not an Economist. I am an honest man! — Paul McCracken
I am not as dumb as you look.
I am not cynical, just experienced.
I am not deaf, I'm ignoring you.
I am not eating, so I must be asleep. — John Taylor
I am not living in the past — I'm just paying for it.
I am not part of the problem. I am a Republican. — Dan Quayle
I am not playing hard to get; I AM hard to get.
I am not prejudiced, I hate everyone equally.
I am not sure what this is, but an "F" would only dignify it. — English prof
I am not young enough to know everything. — J. M. Barrie
I am out of bed and dressed. What more do you want?
I am prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life.
I am really enjoying not talking to you, so let's not talk again real soon, OK?
I am sorry, but I'm not going to apologize.
I am the mommy, that's why!
I am the mother of all things, and all things should wear a sweater.
I am the person your mother warned you about.
I am woman, I am invincible, I am tired...
I awoke one morning and found myself famous. — Byron
I base most of my fashion taste on what doesn't itch. — Gilda Radner
I believe I am God, but can't prove my own existence.
I belong to no organized party. I am a Democrat. — Will Rogers
I bet you have never seen a plumber bite his nails.
I bid you all a very heartfelt goodnight. — Johnny Carson, last Tonight show
I blame sex and paper for most of our current problems. — Scott Adams
I bother to show up for work because beer isn't free.
I bought my boyfriend a waterbed, but we drifted apart.
I bought some powdered water... But I didn't know what to add. — Steven Wright
I brake for brick walls.
I came to MIT to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother.
I came, I saw, I had no idea what was going on, so I left. — Dick Ross
I can only please one person each day. Today's not your day. Maybe tomorrow.
I can relate to that.
I can resist everything except temptation. — Oscar Wilde
I can see clearly now, the brain is gone...
I can't believe you are the result of millions of years of evolution. — Cate
I can't give you brains, but I can give you a diploma. — the Wizard of Oz
I can't help hearing, but I don't always listen. — George Burns, "Oh God"
I can't remember if I'm the good twin or the evil one.
I carry a gun because a cop is too heavy. — John Steinbeck
I couldn't have said that longer myself. — John Taylor
I decided success would be making just one person happy. I picked me. — Thaves
I did not believe in reincarnation the last time either.
I did not fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian.
I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.
I do desire we may be better strangers. — William Shakespeare
I do most of my work sitting down; that is where I shine. — Robert Blenchey
I do not believe in afterlife, but I am bringing a change of underwear. — Allen
I don't ask questions, I just have fun! — Bugs Bunny
I don't care who does the electing as long as I get to do the nominating.
I don't date outside my species.
I don't have a license to kill... I have a learner's permit.
I don't have a problem with San Francisco parking. I drive a forklift.
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
I don't have any solution, but I certainly admire the problem. — Ashleigh Brilliant
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
I don't know where I am, but I'm not too far back. — Alan Silverstein
I don't know whether to kill myself or go bowling.
I don't like money actually, but it quiets my nerves. — Joe Louis
I don't love my mother, I just hate her less than everyone else.
I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. — Rogers
I don't suffer from stress. I'm a carrier.
I don't worry about terrorism. I was married for two years. — Sam Kinison
I doubt, therefore I might be.
I drank what? — Socrates
I drink to make other people interesting. — George Nathan
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
I embrace poverty. To annoy me, send money.
I feel like a million tonight, but one at a time. — Mae West
I feel more like I do now than I did a little while ago.
I finally got my head together, but now my body is falling apart.
I get enough exercise just pushing my luck!
I go on working for the same reason that a hen goes on laying eggs. — Mencken
I graduated first in my class from alibi school. — Jeffrey McDaniel
I had plastic surgery last week. I cut up my credit cards. — Henny Youngman
I hate quotations. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
I hate the outdoors. To me the outdoors is where the car is. — Will Durst
I have already told you more than I know.
I have always been crazy, but it's kept me from going insane.
I have been in more laps than a napkin. — Mae West
I have been on a diet for two weeks, and all I've lost is 14 days.
I have enough money to last me the rest of my life unless I buy something.
I have found that children remember only what they want to. — Bill Cosby
I have found that the best direction for a hot tub to face is up. — Dave Barry
I have given up reading books; it takes my mind off myself.
I have had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it. — Groucho Marx
I have heard about people like me, but I never made the connection. — McLean
I have known a great many troubles, most of which never happened. — Mark Twain
I have no problems with God; it's his fan club that bothers me!
I have not seen as far as others because giants were standing on my shoulders.
I have seen that pattern on wallpaper before, but never on clothing.
I have seen the evidence... I want DIFFERENT evidence.
I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer. — Albran
I have seen the truth and it makes no sense.
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best. — Oscar Wilde
I have ways of making money that you know nothing of. — John D. Rockefeller
I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.
I haven't spoken to my wife for 18 months. I don't like to interrupt her.
I hope my record gets out before the world blows up. — Madonna
I hope you receive all the letters I mean to write.
I just need enough to tide me over until I need more. — Bill Hoest
I just want revenge. Is that so wrong?
I keep on making the same misttakes. — Christer Sundqvist
I know I am efficient. Tell me I am beautiful.
I know on which side my bread is buttered. — John Heywood
I like cats, too. Let's exchange recipes.
I like it better in the dark.
I like looking at geniuses, and listening to beautiful people. — Oscar Wilde
I like men who have a future and women who have a past. — Oscar Wilde
I like the outsides of some things and the insides of others. — Madonna
I like work; it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours. — Jerome
I like you. You remind me of when I was young and stupid.
I live in my own little world, but that's OK, they know me here.
I love California, I practically grew up in Phoenix. — Dan Quayle
I love children, especially when they cry, for then someone takes them away.
I love defenseless animals, especially in a good gravy.
I love it when it stays light out until it gets dark.
I love mankind... It's people I hate. — Schulz
I love my job; it's the work I can't stand.
I married Miss Right. I just didn't know her middle name was Always.
I may not always be right, but I'm never wrong. — Isaac Asimov
I may not be the world's greatest lover, but number seven's not bad. — Allen
I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent. — Ashleigh Brilliant
I might be crazy, but I am not stupid.
I might not always be perfect, but I am always me.
I might not know what I am doing, but I know how to do it.
I must follow the people. Am I not their leader? — Benjamin Disraeli
I must get out of these wet clothes and into a dry Martini. — Woolcott
I need a list of specific unknown problems we will encounter. — Dan Rome
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception. — Marx
I never heard a minute's silence like that. — Glenn Hoddle
I never knew what happiness was until I got married... Then it was too late!
I never made a mistake in my life. I thought I did once, but I was wrong.
I often quote myself; it adds spice to my conversation. — George Shaw
I once put instant coffee in a microwave and almost went back in time. — Wright
I only like two kinds of men: Foreign and domestic. — Mae West
I own and operate a ferocious ego. — Bill Moyers
I plan on living forever. So far, so good.
I plead contemporary insanity.
I prefer beauty to brains because I can see better than I can think.
I promise we would only loose ten to twenty million TOPS! — Dr. Strangelove
I really had to act; 'cause I didn't have any lines. — Marilyn Chambers
I refuse to star in your psychodrama.
I reserve the right to die or resign without notice. — Justice Harlan
I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second. — Steven Wright
I shot an arrow into the air and it stuck. — graffiti in Los Angeles
I should've bought a CATCHING license instead of a FISHING license! — Saiff
I sort of always get low-grade mystical experiences. — Carolyn Myss
I spilled spot remover on my dog. Now he's gone. — Steve Wright
I stand by all the misstatements that I've made. — Dan Quayle
I stared Mother Nature in the face, and she smiled back. — Doug Baskins
I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it left. — R.E. Atkinson
I suggest a new strategy, Artoo: Let the Wookee win. — CP30
I think I am a sexual threat. — Madonna
I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it.
I think that I shall never see a billboard lovely as a tree. — Ogden Nash
I think we are all Bozos on this bus.
I think, therefore I am paid.
I think, therefore I am! I think? — William Etkin
I think, therefore I am... Usually in a lot of trouble.
I think, therefore I'm single. — Lizz Winstead
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
I thought YOU were supposed to feed the dinosaurs! — Bob Thaves
I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
I typo ther fr I m.
I used to be a nun, but I kicked the habit.
I used to be agnostic, but now I'm not so sure. — John Kock
I used to be an adult before I grew up.
I used to be an idealist, but I got mugged by reality.
I used to be indecisive, but now I'm not so sure. — Boscoe Pertwee
I used to be lost in the shuffle. Now I just shuffle along with the lost.
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted. — Mae West
I used to get high on life, but lately I have built up a resistance.
I used to have a handle on life, then it broke.
I used to know that stuff.
I used up all my sick days, so I'm calling in dead.
I want buns of steel so I can hold up my pants with refrigerator magnets.
I want it all and I want it now.
I want to achieve immortality through not dying. — Woody Allen
I want to make sure everybody who has a job wants a job. — George Bush
I was an expert parent. Then I had children.
I was dangerously boring. — Scott Adams
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly and I did. I said I didn't know.
I went looking for trouble, and I found it. — Charles Ponzi
I went on two diets at once because one diet wasn't giving me enough food.
I will always love the false image I had of you.
I will meet you at the corner of Walk and Don't Walk.
I will never lie to you.
I wish you happy New Year... But only one. — Frederick Lonsdale
I worked in a pet shop and people kept asking how big I'd get. — Dangerfield
I worked myself up from nothing to a state of extreme poverty. — Groucho Marx
I would explain it to you but your brain would explode.
I would give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
I would have made a good pope. — Richard Nixon
I would know what to think if I knew who to believe.
I would like to help you out. Which way did you come in?
I would like to lick apricot brandy out of your navel. — Cerebus
I would never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member. — Marx
I would rather be an extemporaneous fool than a premeditated ass.
I would rather fish than eat, particularly eat fish. — Corey Ford
I wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac.
I wouldn't mind being poor if I had lots of money.
I wrote a friend a check for a negative amount, but he wouldn't cash it.
I wrote a song but I can't read music so I don't know what it is. — Wright
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.
I'd like to meet the person who invented sex, and see what he's working on now.
I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy.
I'd rather walk through a fire than walk away from one. — Madonna
I'll give you a definite maybe. — Samuel Goldwyn
I'll play it first and tell you what it is later. — Miles Davis
I'll race you to China. You can have a head start. Ready, set, GO!
I'll tell you the meaning of life if you promise not to laugh. — Bob Thaves
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
I'm a psychic amnesiac: I know in advance what I'll forget. — Michael McShane
I'm going to commit suicide, or die trying. — Michael Burgess
I'm in Pittsburgh. Why am I here? — Harold Urey
I'm just working here till a good fast-food job opens up.
I'm mad as hell, and I'm not going to take it any more!
I'm not 27, I'm 12, with 15 years of experience.
I'm not a recovering chocoholic... Why would I want to be?
I'm not afraid of heights, I'm afraid of falling. — Darren Smith
I'm not afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens. — Allen
I'm not cheap, but I am on special this week.
I'm not crazy, I've just been in a very bad mood for 30 years.
I'm not going deaf. I'm ignoring you.
I'm not into working out. My philosophy is: No pain, no pain.
I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert.
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep I am.
I'm pretty good with BS but I love listening to an expert. Keep talking.
I'm really easy to get along with once you people learn to worship me.
I'm smarter than the average bear! — Yogi Bear
I'm still an atheist, thank God. — Luis Bunuel
I'm thirty years old, but I read at the thirty-four-year-old level. — Carvey
I've been on a calendar, but I've never been on time. — Marilyn Monroe
I've been rich and I've been poor. Believe me, rich is better. — Mae West
I've been things and done places. — Mae West
I've heard that money can't buy happiness, but I'd like to find out for myself.
I've just learned about his illness. Let's hope it's nothing trivial. — Cobb
I've only got one other speed, and it's slower. — Glenn Ford
I've sometimes thought of marrying, and then I've thought again. — Noel Coward
Ice cream cures all ills. Temporarily. — Seleznick
Idiot box: Part of an envelope that tells a person where to place the stamp.
Idiots drag you down to their level, then beat you with experience.
If "I am" is the shortest sentence in English, "I do" is the longest.
If A = B and B = C, then A = C, except where void or prohibited by law.
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
If a funeral procession is at night, do people drive with their lights off?
If a man keeps his trap shut, the world will beat a path to his door. — Adams
If a parsley farmer is sued, can they garnish his wages?
If a pig loses its voice, is it disgruntled?
If a stealth bomber crashes in a forest, will it make a sound?
If a straight line fit is required, obtain only two data points.
If a tree wants to make a sound in a forest, must it fall to do so? — Taylor
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
If a vegetarian eats vegetables, what does a humanitarian eat?
If a young writer can refrain from writing, he shouldn't hesitate to do so.
If all is not lost, where is it?
If all men were brothers, would you let one marry your sister?
If all the world's a stage, I want some better lighting.
If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door. — Paul Beatty
If all the world's managers were laid end to end, it would be an improvement.
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
If an item is advertised as "under $50", you can bet it's not $19.95. — McGowan
If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a linked verb is. — William Safire
If aquarium gravel is bad for you, how come it tastes so good? — Ralph Wiggum
If at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving isn't for you.
If at first you don't succeed, you probably didn't really care anyway.
If at first you don't succeed, you'll get lots of advice.
If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average. — Leonard Levinson
If at first you don't succeed, your successor will. — Lord Birdwood
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
If cats could talk, they'd say things like, "Hey, I don't see the problem here."
If conditions are not favorable, bacteria go into a period of adolescence.
If drinking directly from a bottle, hold it with fingers covering the label.
If enough data is collected, anything can be proven by statistical methods.
If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?
If flattery gets you nowhere, try bribery.
If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.
If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.
If God is perfect, why did he create discontinuous functions?
If God is so great, how come everything he makes dies? — George Carlin
If God lived on Earth, people would knock out all his windows. — Yiddish proverb
If God meant for you to take life seriously, you would have no sense of humor.
If guns are outlawed, how will we shoot the liberals?
If high heels were so wonderful, men would be wearing them. — Sue Grafton
If I can be of any help, you're in worse trouble than I thought. — Henry Cate
If I can't take it with me, I'm not going!
If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive. — Samuel Goldwyn
If I could offer you only one tip for the future, sunscreen would be it.
If I ever marry, it will be on a sudden impulse — as a man shoots himself.
If I follow you home, will you keep me?
If I had a life, I'd end it.
If I had a ruler, I'd beat you within an inch of your life. — Groucho Marx
If I had any humility I would be perfect. — Ted Turner
If I had known I would live so long I would have taken better care of myself.
If I have sex with my clone, will I go blind?
If I insult you, you can be goddamn sure I intend to. — John Wayne
If I owned Texas and Hell, I would rent out Texas and live in Hell. — Sheridan
If I told you you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.
If I was under any more pressure, the carbon in my body would turn to diamonds.
If I were you, who would you be?
If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times: Resist hyperbole.
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy people?
If ignorance is bliss, you must be orgasmic.
If ignorance isn't bliss, I don't know what is. — Craig Ewing
If in doubt, make it sound convincing.
If in doubt, mumble.
If it ain't broke, you're not trying hard enough. — New Red Green Show
If it ain't damp, it ain't camp.
If it flies, floats, or fornicates, it is cheaper to rent.
If it is Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.
If it is worth doing, it is worth doing for money.
If it jams, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
If it looks easy, it's tough. If it looks tough, it's nearly impossible.
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
If it wasn't for lawyers, we wouldn't need them.
If it wasn't for muscle spasms, I wouldn't get any exercise at all.
If it wasn't for Newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples.
If it wasn't for the last minute, nothing would get done.
If it were truly the thought that counted, more women would be pregnant.
If it weren't for pick-pocketers I'd have no sex life at all. — Dangerfield
If it's called tourist season, why can't we shoot them?
If liberals really hated America — they'd vote Republican!
If little else, the brain is an educational toy. — Tom Robbins
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
If more than one person is responsible for a problem, no one is at fault.
If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will. — Silverman
If no one ever took risks, Michelangelo would have painted the Sistine Floor.
If nothing ever sticks to teflon, how do they make it stick to the frying pan?
If one hundred people do a foolish thing, one will become injured.
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?
If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.
If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.
If parents would only realize how they bore their children. — George Shaw
If reproducibility might be a problem, conduct the test only once.
If Satan ever loses his hair, there'll be hell toupee.
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
If sound can't travel in a vacuum, why are vacuum cleaners so noisy?
If the cops arrest a mime, do they tell him he has the right to remain silent?
If the facts do not conform to your theory, they must be disposed of.
If the genie won't grant you more than three wishes, wish for more genies.
If the odds are a million to one against something, chances of it are 50-50.
If the plane you're on is late, the plane to which you're connecting is on time.
If the Pope wants to see me, he can come to my show. — Madonna
If the probability of success is not almost one, it is damn near zero. — Ellis
If the ship is not sinking, the rats must be the ones not leaving.
If the shoe fits, buy the other one too.
If the shoe fits, it's ugly. — Gold
If there is anything a public servant hates to do it's something for the public.
If there is light at the end of the tunnel... ORDER MORE TUNNEL.
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex? — Art Hoppe
If there is no self, whose arthritis is this?
If they lined up all the men in the world... That would be one funky line!
If they won't read my words, no one's going to stop them. — John Taylor
If things get any worse, I will have to ask you to stop helping me.
If this aphorism did not exist, somebody would have invented it.
If this were subjunctive, I'm in the wrong mood.
If thou art in the bathtub, the telephone tolls for thee.
If time flies, does it mean you are having fun?
If time heals all wounds, how come bellybuttons don't fill in?
If today is the first day of the rest of your life, what was yesterday?
If triangles had a God, he'd have three sides. — old Yiddish proverb
If we all work together we can totally disrupt the system. — Ashleigh Brilliant
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
If we do not succeed, we run the risk of failure. — Dan Quayle
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be research. — J. C. Stamos
If we were meant to fly, we wouldn't keep losing our luggage.
If we're here to take care of other people, what are they here for? — Wilson
If white wine goes with fish, do white grapes go with sushi?
If you are a fatalist, what can you do about it? — Ann Edwards-Duff
If you are asked to join a parade, don't march behind the elephants. — Zisla
If you are cross-eyed and have dyslexia, can you read all right?
If you are given a take-home test, you will forget where you live.
If you are given on open-book exam, you will forget your book.
If you are going to do something wrong, you should do it right. — Garfield
If you are good you get all the work. If you're really good you get out of it.
If you are horny, it's lust, but if your partner's horny, it's affection.
If you are mad at your neighbor, buy his kid a drum.
If you are not very clever you should be conciliatory. — Benjamin Disraeli
If you are seen fixing it, you will be blamed for breaking it.
If you ate pasta and antipasta, would you still be hungry?
If you believe in psychokinesis, raise my hand.
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars. — J. Paul Getty
If you can get a new car for your spouse, it's a great trade.
If you can lead it to water and force it to drink, it isn't a horse.
If you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
If you can survive death, you can probably survive anything.
If you can't be good, be careful. If you can't be careful, give me a call.
If you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.
If you can't dazzle 'em with brilliance, baffle 'em with bullshit.
If you can't find your glasses, it's probably because you don't have them on.
If you can't get your work done in the first 24 hours, work nights.
If you can't make it good, make it big.
If you can't say anything nice, you probably don't have many friends.
If you can't understand it, it is intuitively obvious.
If you cannot convince them, confuse them. — Harry S Truman
If you cannot hope for order, withdraw with style from the chaos. — Stoppard
If you do a job too well, you will get stuck with it. — Slous
If you do something right once, someone will ask you to do it again.
If you do something right the first time, no one will know how hard it was.
If you don't believe me, stand in line.
If you don't care where you are, then you aren't lost.
If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours. — Clarence Day
If you don't know what you're doing, do it neatly.
If you don't like my driving, don't call anyone. Just take another road.
If you don't like the news, go out and make some.
If you don't like the weather in New England, just wait a few minutes. — Twain
If you don't pay your exorcist, you get repossessed.
If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it. — Coolidge
If you explain so clearly that no one can possibly misunderstand, someone will.
If you find a place to park, later you won't find your car.
If you get a mouthful of hot soup, the next thing you do will be wrong.
If you get angry at a newspaper columnist, he will get rich or famous or both.
If you have half a mind to watch TV, that is enough.
If you have kleptomania, you can always take something for it.
If you have nothing to say, please say it only once.
If you have to ask how much it is, you can't afford it.
If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class? — Hempstone
If you have to vacuum the bed, it is time to change the sheets.
If you keep trying to prove Murphy's Law, will something keep going wrong?
If you lend someone $20 and never see them again, it was probably worth it.
If you liked Earth, you will love Heaven.
If you listen to too much advice you may wind up making other people's mistakes.
If you live alone, deodorant is a waste of good money.
If you live in a country run by committee, be on the committee. — Graham Summer
If you look like your passport photo, it's time to go home. — Erma Bombeck
If you look like your passport photo, you aren't well enough to travel. — Fuch
If you mess with a thing long enough, it will break. — Schmidt
If You Pass This Point You Will Most Certainly Die. — sign on birth canal
If you put it off long enough, it might go away.
If you start off dumb enough, you can learn something new each day.
If you stay up all night wondering where the sun is, it will dawn on you.
If you talk to God you are praying; if God talks to you, you have schizophrenia.
If you think before you speak, the other fellow gets in his joke first. — Howe
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try filing your income tax late.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
If you think outside the box, the box will think outside you. — Quarnstrom
If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it. — Kasspe
If you think there is good in everyone, you haven't met everyone.
If you thought yesterday was bad, wait till you see what happens today.
If you throw a cat out a car window, does it become kitty litter?
If you took out all your blood vessels and laid them end-to-end, you'd die.
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
If you turn on the light quickly enough you can see what the dark looks like.
If you want a kitten, start out by asking for a horse. — Naomi, age 15
If you want to come back after death, be sure to get your hand stamped first.
If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.
If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.
If you were to ask me this question, what would my answer be?
If you're born again, do you get two bellybuttons?
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate. — Wright
If you've got part of it, flaunt that part.
If you've seen one redwood, you've seen them all. — Ronald Reagan
If your dog is fat, you aren't getting enough exercise.
If your feet smell and your nose runs, you were built upside down.
If your parents didn't have any children, neither will you.
Ignorance: When you don't know anything, and someone else finds out.
Ignoranus: A person who's both stupid and an asshole.
Ignore previous fortune.
Ill-bred children always display their pest manners.
Illiterate? Write for free help.
Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery. — Jack Paar
Immortality — a fate worse than death. — Edgar Shoaff
Imports are ports very far inland.
In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled waffles.
In a gambit you give up a pawn for the sake of getting a lost game. — Boden
In a ham and egg breakfast, the chicken was involved, but the pig was committed.
In a modern household, the only things we have to wash by hand are children.
In America, anyone can be President. That's one of the risks you take.
In America, it is not how much an item costs, it is how much you save.
In an accident, it's not who's right, but who's left. — Geoff Torres
In an orderly world, there is always a place for the disorderly.
In base infinity, all integers are just one digit.
In Boston, drivers don't even obey the laws of PHYSICS. — Dave Barry
In case of emergency, contact: "A good doctor."
In case of fire... Yell "fire".
In cyberspace, everyone gets their 15 minutes of shame. — Michael Fry
In democracy your vote counts. In feudalism your count votes.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
In English, every word can be verbed.
In everything but brains and brawn, women are vastly superior to men. — Edward Abbey
In government, where there is a vacancy, there is a relative.
In Lake Wobegon, all the children are above average. — Garrison Keilor
In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of the enemy.
In married life three is company and two is none. — Oscar Wilde
In matrimony, to hesitate is sometimes to be saved. — Butler
In midevil times most of the people were alliterate.
In my case, saving the world was only a hobby. — Edward Abbey
In New York City, it is easier to get a girlfriend than an apartment.
In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.
In principle I am against principles. — Tristan Tzara
In process: So wrapped up in red tape that the situation is almost hopeless.
In some cultures what you do would be considered normal.
In spite of the high cost of living, it is still very popular.
In Texas the men are men, but for some reason they have to keep proving it.
In the battle between airplanes and the ground, the ground has yet to lose. — Darwin Awards
In the first half of our life we learn habits that shorten the second half.
In the future, your clothes will be smarter than you. — Scott Adams
In the memo field of every check you issue, write, "for sexual favors."
In the morning, I do not want to eat gum drops and cheese doodles. — Madonna
In the subway it is called congestion; in the disco it is called intimacy.
In the world of words, one of my best-loved tribes is the diatribe. — Edward Abbey
In the years ahead, when you come to a fork in the road, take it. — Yogi Berra
In this world, truth can wait; she is used to it.
Include me out. — Samuel Goldwyn
Incoming fire has the right of way.
Incompetence is a double-edged banana. — J. P. Barlow
Indecision is the key to flexibility.
Individualists unite!
Infectious disease is one of the few genuine adventures left in the world.
Ingrate: Bites the hand that feeds him, and then complains of indigestion.
Ingress is not a necessary precursor to egress.
Inoculatte: To take coffee intravenously when you are running late.
Insanity is inherited; you get it from your kids!
Inside every old person is a young person... Wondering what the heck happened.
Insomnia: What you have when you lie awake all night for an hour. — Gilbert
Insomniac agnostic dyslexic: Lays awake at night wondering if there is a dog.
Instant sex will never be better than the kind you have to peel and cook.
Institute: An archaic school where football is not taught.
Insufficient data for a meaningful answer at this time. — Isaac Asimov
Intaxication: Misguided euphoria about a tax refund (of your own money).
Intellectuals going round in circles until they disappear up their own holes.
Intelligence has much less practical application than you'd think. — Scott Adams
Interchangeable parts won't.
Invest in physics; own a piece of Dirac.
Iowa State grads put their diploma on the dashboard to park in handicap zones.
Irrationality is the square root of all evil. — Douglas Hofstadter
Irresistible force + immovable object = inconceivable disturbance.
Irritainment: Media spectacles that are annoying but spellbinding.
IRS: Income Reduction Service.
Is Interstate 35 the best thing to come out of Iowa?
Is is the verb for when you don't want a verb.
Is it possible to be totally partial?
Is it the God of the Catholics or of the Protestants in whom you don't believe?
Is it time for lunch yet?
Is knowledge knowable, and how do we know?
Is that a pistol in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me? — Mae West
Is there life before coffee?
Is there life before death? — Belfast graffiti
Is this really happening?
It ain't loafing unless they can prove it. — Dick Brown
It behooves the writer to avoid archaic expressions.
It bothers people if you are lucid and ironic. — Albert Camus
It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations.
It doesn't matter that everything has already been said — no one was listening.
It doesn't matter whether you win or lose — until you lose.
It has been Monday all week today.
It has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
It is a mistake to let any mechanical object know you are in a hurry.
It is a small world. So you gotta use your elbows a lot.
It is an inappropriate response to get a headache in the presence of a miracle.
It is bad luck to be superstitious. — Andrew Mathis
It is better for civilization to go down the drain than to come up it. — Allen
It is better to be an ancestor than a descendant.
It is better to be on penicillin than never to have loved at all.
It is better to be on the ground wishing you were flying, than vice versa.
It is better to burn out than to fade away.
It is better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.
It is better to have a positive Wasserman than never to have loved at all.
It is better to have loved and lost — much better.
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
It is better to light one candle than to torch a wax museum with a flamethrower.
It is better to remain childless than to father an orphan. — Tom Weller
It is better to sit still than rise and fall. — Scott
It is called cold cash because we don't keep it long enough to get it warm.
It is considered tacky to take a cooler to church.
It is dangerous to name your children before you know how many you will have.
It is difficult to legislate morality in the absence of moral legislators.
It is difficult to make predictions, particularly about the future. — Confucius
It is easier to get older than it is to get wiser.
It is easier to take it apart than to put it back together. — Washlesky
It is easy being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you.
It is easy to love a sleeping baby.
It is great to live in the fast lane, if you can find the on-ramp.
It is hard to be humble when you are so perfect.
It is hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere.
It is hard to seize the day when you must first grapple with the morning.
It is kind of fun to do the impossible. — Walt Disney
It is later than you think.
It is lonely at the top of the food chain, but you eat better.
It is morally wrong to allow a sucker to keep his money.
It is more than magnificent — it is mediocre. — Samuel Goldwyn
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
It is not a good omen when goldfish commit suicide.
It is not a pre-existing condition unless you had it before you existed.
It is not an optical illusion, it just looks like one. — Phil White
It is not Camelot, but it's not Cleveland, either. — Boston mayor Kevin White
It is not my week to care.
It is not premarital sex if you have no intention of getting married.
It is not procrastination if you decide to postpone it right now.
It is not speeding if there are still cars in front of you.
It is not that you and I are so clever, but that the others are such fools.
It is not the end of the world, but you can see it from there.
It is possible to lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs.
It is so soon that I am done for, I wonder what I was begun for. — epitaph
It is sweet to be remembered, but cheaper to be forgotten.
It is tough being you, but you are the one most qualified for the job.
It is trying not to appear poor that keeps a lot of folks broke.
It isn't what a teenager knows that bothers his parents; it is how he found out.
It might appear I'm doing nothing, but at the cellular level I'm quite busy.
It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.
It requires strong constitution to withstand repeated attacks of prosperity.
It seems to make an auto driver mad if she misses you.
It takes 45 muscles to frown, but only four to give the finger. — Niki Roman
It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man.
It takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech. — Mark Twain
It takes years to become an overnight success.
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
It was a brave man that ate the first oyster.
It was such a beautiful day I decided to stay in bed. — W. Somerset Maugham
It works better if you plug it in.
It would be best if you did not remind God of my existence. — Doug Quarnstrom
It would be nice to be sure of anything the way some people are of everything.
It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca. — Humphrey Bogart
It's a damn poor mind that can only think of one way to spell a word. — Jackson
It's a rare person who wants to hear what he doesn't want to hear. — Dick Cavett
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to paint it. — Stephen Wright
It's a thankless job, but I've got a lot of karma to burn off.
It's all right to hold a conversation, but you should let go of it now and then.
It's been real and it's been fun, but it hasn't been real fun.
It's better to be looked over than overlooked. — Mae West
It's better to have loafed and lost than never to have loafed at all. — Thurber
It's certainly strange how little I look like me. — Bob Thaves
It's good to get a taste of someone else's moccasins.
It's hard to be funny when you have to be clean. — Mae West
It's hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
It's hard to soar like an eagle when you are surrounded by turkeys.
It's hell to work for a nervous boss, especially if you are why he's nervous! — Alan Silverstein
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
It's just too easy to start a religion. — Bill Maher
It's not easy being green. — Kermit the frog
It's not hard to meet expenses; they are everywhere.
It's not the men in my life, it's the life in my men. — Mae West
It's not the pace of life that concerns me; it's the sudden stop at the end.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you look playing the game.
It's often your clothing that gets promoted. — Scott Adams
It's sick the way you people keep having sex without me.
It's the friends you can call up at 4 am that matter. — Marlene Dietrich
It's time for the human race to enter the solar system. — Dan Quayle
Jealousy: All the fun you think they have.
Jehovah has a very limited repertoire of emotional responses, as gods go. — Dass
Jesus saves sinners and redeems them for valuable cash prizes.
Jesus saves; Moses invests; but only Buddha pays dividends.
Jesus to headwaiter at Last Supper: "Separate checks, please." — Edward Abbey
Job placement: Telling your boss what he can do with your job.
John Muir was the sum of his parks. — Henry Gay
Journalism is literature in a hurry. — Matthew Arnold
Journalism is the first draft of history. — Philip Graham
Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you are at it.
Journalists print 10% of what you tell them, and they get that wrong. — Richard Hill
Junk: Stuff we throw away. Stuff: Junk we keep.
Jury: Twelve men and women trying to decide which party has the best lawyer.
Just as nature abhors a vacuum, truth abhors a know-it-all. — Michael Mode
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
Just because you are not paranoid doesn't mean they are not out to get you.
Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.
Just when you get going, someone injects a dose of reality with a large needle.
Just when you learn to make the most of it, most of it is gone.
Justice: A decision in your favor.
Karmageddon: When the Earth explodes due to bad vibes.
Keep a very firm grasp on reality, so you can strangle it at any time.
Keep America beautiful. Swallow your beer cans.
Keep in mind that all I had to work with was chaos. — God, per Bob Thaves
Keep stress out of your life. Give it to others instead.
Keep the pointy end forward and the dirty side down.
Keychain: A device that allows you to lose multiple keys at once.
Kilroy occupied these spatial coordinates.
Kiss me twice, I'm schizophrenic.
Klatu barada nikto.
Klein bottle for rent — inquire within.
Kleptomaniac: A rich thief.
Knocked; you weren't in. — Opportunity
Know thyself — but don't tell anyone.
Know what I hate most? Rhetorical questions. — Henry Camp
Krogt: The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards.
Lack of prior planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on my part.
Lactomangulation: Abusing the "open here" spout on a milk carton.
Landing: A controlled mid-air collision with a planet.
Late to bed, early to rise, makes a man tired.
Laugh alone, and the world thinks you're an idiot.
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Cry and the world laughs at you.
Laugh at your problems; everybody else does.
Laugh, and the world ignores you. Crying doesn't help either.
Lawyers: America's untapped export market.
Lead me not into temptation. I can find it myself.
Leakproof seals... Do.
Learn from your parents' mistakes — use birth control!
Learn the rules. Then break some. — H. Jackson Brown
Learning at some schools is like drinking from a firehose.
Lecture: Makes you feel numb on one end and dumb on the other. — C. N. Pearce
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
Leftover nuts never match leftover bolts.
Legalize freedom.
Let him who takes the Plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Let us share the deepest secrets of our souls! You first.
Let's get drunk and be somebody.
Let's hope God grades on a curve.
Liberal arts major... Will think for money.
Liberal: A Conservative who has just been arrested.
Liberal: Someone too poor to be a capitalist and too rich to be a communist.
Liberal: Too broadminded to take his own side in a quarrel.
Licorice is the liver of candy. — Michael O'Donoghue
Lie: A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one discovered to date.
Life — love it or leave it.
Life begins at the centerfold and expands outward. — Miss November, 1966
Life does not begin at 40 for those who went 60 at 20.
Life is a game of bridge — and you have just been finessed.
Life is a jigsaw puzzle with most of the pieces missing.
Life is a journey, but relax, you will find a parking place at the end.
Life is a sexually transmitted terminal disease.
Life is a whole series of circumstances beyond your control.
Life is antagonistic to the living.
Life is carcinogenic. — Abdul Khaliq
Life is complex. It has real and imaginary parts.
Life is difficult because it is non-linear.
Life is fraught with opportunities to keep your mouth shut.
Life is just a stage: We all go through it. — John Taylor
Life is just sudden-death overtime.
Life is like a fountain... I will tell you how when I figure it out.
Life is like a maze in which we all go around trying not to find an exit.
Life is like a sewer... What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Life is like an analogy.
Life is nature's way of keeping meat fresh. — Doug Quarnstrom
Life is not for everyone.
Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep.
Life is the ultimate cause of death. — Lyle McDonald
Life is too confusing for novices. We should let the experts take care of it.
Life is too important to be taken seriously.
Life is tough. If it wasn't, anybody could do it.
Life is uncertain, so eat dessert first.
Life is wasted on the living.
Life might have no meaning, or worse, it might have a meaning you don't like.
Life not only begins at forty, it begins to show.
Life without caffeine is stimulating enough. — Sanka ad
Lisa, in this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics! — Homer Simpson
Little things come in small packages. — Tom Weller
Live each day as if it were your last, and one day you will be right.
Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse.
Live within your income, even if you must borrow to do so.
Livestock usually is a poor choice for a wedding gift.
Living on Earth includes an annual free trip around the Sun.
Living your life is so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Loafer: Someone trying to make two weekends meet.
Logic is a little bird, sitting in a tree, that smells AWFUL.
Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence. — Kettering
Loneliness is a good thing to share with someone. — Ernie Pantusso, Cheers
Long-lived: You can't buy parts when it DOES get old and wears out.
Long-term planning is anticipatory expiation for short-term fiasco. — Hirsch
Look out for number 1. Don't step in number 2 either.
Look under the sofa cushion; you will be surprised at what you find.
Looking for love, everyone runs away because you remind them of themselves.
Looking like a weed doesn't make you organic. — Edward Abbey
Losing my virginity was a career move. — Madonna
Losing your driver's license is just God's way of saying "BOOGA, BOOGA!"
Lots of money saved for a rainy day is blown on a wet night.
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
Love does much; money does everything.
Love does not make the world go around, just up and down a bit.
Love is a vacation from reality.
Love is being stupid together.
Love is blind, but marriage is definitely an eye-opener.
Love is Grand... Divorce is Twenty Grand.
Love is like an avalanche where you have to run for your life. — John, age 9
Love is sentimental measles.
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. — H. L. Mencken
Love lasts as long as money endures.
Love means having to say you're sorry every five minutes.
Love means nothing to a tennis player.
Love the sea? I dote upon it — from the beach.
Love thy neighbor as thyself, but choose thy neighborhood. — Louise Beal
Love thy neighbor: Tune thy piano.
Love your enemies. It will make them crazy.
Love your neighbor, but don't get caught.
Love: An obsessive delusion that is cured by marriage.
Love: The warm feeling you get towards someone who meets your neurotic needs.
Love: Two vowels, two consonants, two fools. — Rodney Dangerfield
LSD melts in your mind, not in your hand.
LSD soaks up 47 times its own weight in excess reality.
Lullabuoy: A nagging thought that prevents you from drifting off to sleep.
Machines have less problems. I'd like to be a machine. — Andy Warhol
Madness takes its toll. Please have exact change.
Magazine: Printed pages that tell you what's coming in the next issue.
Maggit: A subscription card that falls from a magazine.
Magnocartic: An automobile that when left unattended attracts shopping carts.
Maintain thy airspeed, lest the ground rise up and smite thee.
Major steps to building a business plan: 1. Gather information. 2. Ignore it.
Majority: That quality that distinguishes a crime from a law.
Make a firm decision now... You can always change it later.
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
Make three consecutive correct guesses and you will be considered an expert.
Make yourself at home! Start by cleaning my kitchen.
Male zebras have white stripes, but female zebras have black stripes.
Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it. — Fred Allen
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. — Lily Tomlin
Man is the only animal that blushes — or needs to. — Mark Twain
Man sometimes stumbles over the truth, but he picks himself up and keeps going.
Man was created to complete the horse. — Edward Abbey
Man who arrives at party two hours late finds he has been beaten to the punch.
Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.
Man: A remarkable animal whose head swells when you pat his back.
Managers are like cats in a litter box. — Scott Adams
Mankind has never reconciled itself to the ten commandments.
Mankind... infests the whole habitable Earth and Canada. — Ambrose Bierce
Manners are the noises you don't make when eating soup. — R.E. Atkinson
Many a family tree needs trimming.
Many a yo-yo thinks he has the world on a string.
Many are called, but few are at their desks.
Many are cold, but few are frozen.
Many can rise to the occasion, but few know when to sit down.
Many pages make a crowded castle.
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles on very thin paper.
Many quite distinguished people have bodies similar to yours.
Marathon runners with bad footwear suffer the agony of the feet.
Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent. — Keynes
Marriage causes dating problems.
Marriage halves our griefs, doubles our joys, and quadruples our expenses.
Marriage is a rest period between romances.
Marriage is a three ring circus: Engagement ring, wedding ring, and suffering.
Marriage is a trip between Niagara Falls and Reno.
Marriage is an institution — but who wants to live in one?
Marriage is for those who don't like eating leftovers alone.
Marriage is like pi: Natural, irrational, and very important. — Lisa Hoffman
Marriage is low down, but you spend the rest of your life paying for it.
Marriage is not a word; it is a sentence.
Marriage is not for wimps.
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly. — Voltaire
Marriage is the sole cause of divorce.
Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on Earth. — John Lyly
Marry carefully, for spouses are temporary, but ex's are forever. — Alan Silverstein
Martin Luther died a horrible death, being excommunicated by a bull.
Masturbation is having sex with someone I love. — Woody Allen
Math is like love; a simple idea, but it can get complicated. — R. Drabek
Math is our native language. English is our foreign language. — George Lance
Mathematicians are willing to assume anything — except responsibility.
Mathematicians take it to the limit.
Matrimony is the root of all evil.
Matter cannot be created or destroyed; nor can it be returned without a receipt.
Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value.
Maturity is a high price to pay for growing up.
May all your troubles last as long as your New Year's resolutions. — Joey Adams
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house. — George Carlin
May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.
May you have many friends and very few living enemies.
Maybe you can't buy happiness, but these days you can certainly charge it.
Me... A skeptic?? I trust you have proof?
Measure with a micrometer; mark with chalk; cut with an axe. — Ray
Mechanical engineers build weapons; civil engineers build targets.
Medicine consists of amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
Meditation is not what you think.
Meeting: A gathering where the minutes are kept and the hours lost. — Gourd
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything. — Galbraith
Mel Blanc, the voice of Bugs Bunny, was allergic to carrots.
Men control fashion. But that's the only thing men control. — Scott Adams
Men learned to walk upright to free their hands for masturbation. — Jane Wagner
Men seldom make passes at girls who wear glasses. — Dorothy Parker
Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.
Men think, "I know what I'm doing, just show me somebody naked." — Seinfeld
Meteorologists have warm fronts.
Michelangelo would have made better time with a roller.
Microwave fireplace: Spend an evening in front of the fire in about 8 minutes.
Microwaves frizz your heir.
Middle class: Too rich to qualify for charity, too poor to make any donations.
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms. — Groucho Marx
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music. — Groucho Marx
Military targets are targets that are hit and thus defined as military targets.
Millihelen: The amount of beauty required to launch one ship.
Miracles are great, but they are so damned unpredictable.
Misery no longer loves company; nowadays it insists on it.
Moderation is a fatal thing. Nothing succeeds like excess. — Oscar Wilde
Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings.
Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue. — J. K. Galbraith
Modesty is being comfortable that others will discover your greatness.
Mold has spores. People have pores. It is one way to tell us apart.
Molybdenum... No joke here, I just like saying "molybdenum". — David Letterman
Momentum: What you give a person when they are going away.
Monday is the root of all evil.
Money can't buy happiness, but it can certainly rent it for a couple of hours.
Money can't buy happiness, but it lets you be miserable in comfort.
Money costs too much. — Lew Archer
Money DOES talk — it says goodbye.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.
Money isn't everything, but it sure keeps the kids in touch.
Monotony: The practice of having only one spouse at a time.
More than enough is too much.
Moses went up on Mount Cyanide to get the ten commandments.
Most general statements are false, including this one. — Alexander Dumas
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
Most people are too stupid to butter the pancake on the right side.
Most people get lost in thought because it is unfamiliar territory. — Paul Fixx
Most people who want to live forever are pretty miserable to begin with.
Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like. — Bennett
Mother is the invention of necessity.
Mother told me to be good, but she has been wrong before.
Mountain climbers rope together to prevent the sensible ones from going home.
Mountain range: A cooking stove used at high altitudes.
Mouse potato: The computer equivalent of a TV addict.
Mowmuffins: Dried accumulation of grass on the underside of lawnmowers.
Mummy: An Egyptian who was pressed for time.
Murphy never met anyone he didn't meet.
Murphy was an optimist.
Music sung by two people at the same time is called a duel.
My body is rejecting me. — Alan Silverstein
My commitment is to truth, not consistency.
My doctor gave me just 100 years to live, and I am making the most of it.
My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you. — Iphicrates
My father taught me to work; he did not teach me to love it. — Abraham Lincoln
My favorite book on tape is, "Where's Waldo?"
My God is alive and kicking. Sorry about yours. — Edward Abbey
My inferiority complex isn't very good.
My life has a superb cast but I can't figure out the plot. — Ashleigh Brilliant
My life is like one long obstacle race, with me as its chief obstacle.
My mother had morning sickness after I was born. — Rodney Dangerfield
My mother is a travel agent for guilt trips.
My mother wants grandchildren, so I said, "Mom, go for it!" — Sue Murphy
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right. — Ashleigh Brilliant
My own business always bores me to death; I prefer other people's. — Wilde
My peers are all smart enough to be excused from jury duty.
My problem is I say what I'm thinking before I think what I'm saying. — Peter
My reality check just bounced.
My reputation grows with every failure. — G. B. Shaw
My rise to the top was through sheer ability and inheritance. — Malcolm Forbes
My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed. — Morley
My toughest fight was with my first wife. — Mohammad Ali
My truck does not leak, it's marking its territory.
My whole life has been an out-of-body experience.
My wife is so immature. Every time I'm in the bath she sinks my little boats.
My wife keeps complaining I never listen to her... or something like that.
My wife made me join a bridge club. I jump off next Tuesday. — Dangerfield
My wife ran off with my best friend, and I miss him.
Mysticism is based on the assumption that you can quit the game.
Myth: A young female moth.
Napjerk: Sudden convulsion of the body just as one is about to doze off.
Narcolepulacy: The contagious action of yawning.
Nature abhors a hero.
Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter.
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
Nature is blind. We are merely shortsighted. That's an improvement. — Spencer
Neanderthals delivered children without training manuals. — Bill Cosby
Necessity has no law; I know some attorneys of the same. — Franklin
Necessity is a mother.
Neckties strangle clear thinking. — Lin Yutang
Negative expectations yield negative results. So do positive expectations.
Neutrinos have bad breadth.
Neutrinos have mass? I didn't know they were Catholic!
Never be photographed with a cocktail glass in your hand. — H. Jackson Brown
Never be worth more to anyone dead than alive. — Alan Silverstein
Never believe a rumor until it is officially denied.
Never buy anything electrical at a flea market. — H. Jackson Brown
Never do card tricks for the group with which you play poker.
Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.
Never draw fire, it irritates everyone around you.
Never eat anything bigger than your head. — Kliban
Never eat more than you can lift. — Miss Piggy
Never give an inch!
Never go to bed mad; stay up and fight.
Never have any children, only grandchildren. — Gore Vidal
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
Never hold a Dustbuster and a cat at the same time. — Kyoyo, age 9
Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs repainting. — Billy Rose
Never laugh at live dragons. — Bilbo Baggins
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth. — Erma Bombeck
Never look back, someone might be gaining on you. — Satchel Paige
Never make forecasts, especially about the future. — Samuel Goldwyn
Never miss a good chance to shut up.
Never offend with style when you can offend with substance. — Sam Brown
Never pass a snowplow on the right.
Never put off till tomorrow that which can be done the day after tomorrow.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today — while it's still legal.
Never raise your hands to your kids; it leaves your groin unprotected.
Never relieve yourself from a moving vehicle, especially when driving.
Never replace a successful experiment.
Never say anything more predictive than, "Watch this!"
Never send a monster to do the work of an evil genius.
Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than yourself.
Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself. — Hartley
Never sleep with anyone whose troubles are worse than your own.
Never stand between a fire hydrant and a dog.
Never take a beer to a job interview, nor ask if they press charges.
Never tell your mom her diet's not working. — Michael, age 14
Never throw a bird at a dragon.
Never tow another car using pantyhose and duct tape.
Never trust a dog to watch your food. — Patrick, age 10
Never try to baptize a cat. — Eileen, age 8
Never try to outstubborn a cat.
Never use an outhouse while holding your car keys in your mouth. — David Boll
Never verb your nouns.
Never worry about theory as long as the machinery does what it's supposed to do.
New: Different color from previous model.
Niagara Falls is beautiful for thirty seconds. — Gertrude Stein
Nice guys don't finish nice.
Nice guys don't get laid.
Nice perfume... Must you marinate in it?
Nice tie — does it run on batteries?
Nihilism should commence with oneself.
Nine out of ten doctors agree that one out of ten doctors is an idiot.
Nine out of ten people think they are above average. The rest are in therapy.
Ninety eight percent of Americans support the use of mass transit by others.
Ninety-nine percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
No brains, no headache.
No generalization is wholly true, not even this one. — Oliver Holmes
No good deed goes unpunished. — Andrew Mellon
No guts, no glory.
No job is so simple that it cannot be done wrong.
No maintenance: Impossible to fix.
No major religion specifically bans the pilfering of office supplies. — Adams
No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.
No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next. — Howe
No matter how much you care, some people are just assholes.
No matter how much you do, you never do enough.
No matter how rich or famous you are, the laws of physics are still very strict.
No matter what goes wrong, there's always someone who knew it would.
No matter what happens, someone will take it too seriously. — Dave Barry
No matter what occurs, someone believes it happened according to his pet theory.
No matter what results are expected, someone is always willing to fake it.
No matter what you do, someone always knew you would.
No name, no matter how simple, can be correctly understood over the phone.
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid.
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
No one within an organization really knows what is going on.
No prizes for predicting rain. Prizes only awarded for building arks.
No problem is so large it can't be fit in somewhere.
No project is so risk-free that your company lawyer can't kill it. — Scott Adams
No sentence fragments.
No trespassing without permission. — sign on public school grounds
No verb is not a crime. No crime, no sentence.
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
Nobody can be exactly like me. Even I have trouble doing it.
Nobody ever has a reservation on a plane that leaves from Gate 1.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
Nobody goes there anymore 'cause it's too crowded. — Yogi Berra
Nobody knows the trouble I have been.
Nobody remembers the second person to say E = mc2. — N. Samios
Nobody wants constructive criticism. We can barely handle constructive praise.
Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong.
Nonsense. Space is blue and birds fly through it. — Heisenberg
Nostalgia just isn't what it used to be.
Not all men are annoying. Some are dead.
Not all men who drink are poets. Some of us drink because we are not poets.
Not so random and clumsy as a blaster. — Obi Wan Kenobi, Star Wars
Nothin' ain't worth nothin', but it's free.
Nothing can be done in one trip. — Snider
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it is time to get up.
Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
Nothing exceeds like excess.
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result. — Churchill
Nothing increases your golf score like witnesses.
Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come. — Tussman
Nothing is certain but the unforeseen.
Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.
Nothing is finished until the paperwork is done.
Nothing is impossible or impassable if you have enough nails.
Nothing is so impudent as success.
Nothing is so smiple that it cannot be screwed up.
Nothing recedes like success. — Walter Winchell
Nothing ruins the truth like stretching it.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits. — Mark Twain
Nothing will dispel enthusiasm like a small admission fee. — Kim Hubbard
Now and then an innocent person is sent to the Legislature.
Now it's time to say goodbye, to all our company... M-I-C, K-E-Y, M-O-U-S-E.
Now that I have it all, can I give some of it away? — Marianne Neifert
Nuclear war would really set back cable. — Ted Turner
Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.
Nudists are the last people you want to see naked. — David Sedaris
Nugloo: Single continuous eyebrow that covers the entire forehead.
Occupation: The principal thing one engages in to avoid thinking.
Of all our privileges, the license to breed is most grossly abused. — Edward Abbey
Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable. — Plato
Of course God loves you; He's just not ready to make a commitment. — Bhaerman
Of course I am happily married — she's happy, and I'm married.
Of course I'm vain. Every time I pass by a mirror I look. — Madonna
Of course the game is rigged, but if you don't play, you can't win! — Heinlein
Often it is fatal to live too long. — Racine
Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to conceive. — Herold
Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!
Oh, if faces could only talk! — John Madden
Ohnosecond: Instant in which you realize you have just made a big mistake.
Old accountants never die; they just lose their balance.
Old actors never die; they just drop apart.
Old age comes at a bad time.
Old age: You + 20 years.
Old bankers never die; they just lose interest.
Old beekeepers never die; they just buzz off.
Old cashiers never die; they just check out.
Old chauffeurs never die; they just lose their drive.
Old cooks never die; they just get deranged.
Old daredevils never die; they just get discouraged.
Old deans never die; they just lose their faculties.
Old doctors never die; they just lose their patience.
Old electricians never die; they just lose contact.
Old farmers never die; they just go to seed.
Old frogs never die; they just croak.
Old hippies never die; they just smell that way.
Old investors never die; they just roll over.
Old is needing a fire permit for your birthday cake.
Old laser physicists never die; they just become incoherent.
Old lawyers never die; they just lose their appeal.
Old limbo dancers never die; they just go under.
Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
Old mathematicians never die; they just disintegrate.
Old milkmaids never die; they just lose their whey.
Old musicians never die; they just get played out.
Old numerical analysts never die; they just get disarrayed.
Old owls never die; they just don't give a hoot.
Old pacifists never die; they just go to peaces.
Old photographers never die; they just stop developing.
Old pilots never die; they just go to a higher plane.
Old policemen never die; they just cop out.
Old postmen never die; they just lose their zip.
Old schools never die; they just lose their principals.
Old sculptors never die; they just lose their marbles.
Old seers never die; they just lose their vision.
Old sewage workers never die; they just waste away.
Old skiers never die; they just go downhill.
Old steelmakers never die; they just lose their temper.
Old students never die; they just get degraded.
Old tanners never die; they just go into hiding.
Old teachers never die; they just lose their class.
Old wrestlers never die; they just lose their grip.
Old: A cute gal catches your fancy and your pacemaker opens your garage door.
Omit needless words! Omit needless words! Omit needless words! — EB White
Omniscience: Talking only about things you know about.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
On the whole, I'd rather be in Philadelphia. — W. C. Fields's epitaph
On time. No defects. Pick one. — Scott Adams
Once a fool and his money were soon parted. Now it happens to everyone.
Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only makes it worse.
Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. Thrice is enemy action.
Once the trust goes out of a relationship, it's no fun lying to them anymore.
Once there was a man who loved his wife so much, he almost told her.
Once upon a time, charity was a virtue and not an organization.
Once upon a time: Back when snakes used to walk.
Once you give up your integrity, the rest is a piece of cake. — J. R. Ewing
Once you miss the first buttonhole you never manage to button up.
Once you've seen one shopping center, you've seen a mall.
One Bell System — it sometimes works.
One bit of advice: Don't give it.
One child is not enough, but two children are far too many.
One day you will find yourself and be quite disappointed.
One figure can sometimes add up to a lot. — Mae West
One good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to cringe.
One good turn usually gets most of the blanket.
One horsepower: Energy required to drag a horse 500 feet in one second.
One learns in life to keep silent and draw one's own confusions. — Skinner
One millionth of a mouthwash = one microscope.
One nice thing about egotists: They don't talk about other people.
One of us is thinking about sex... OK, it's me.
One picture is worth a few thousand bucks — in the New York Times. — Sundqvist
One picture is worth a thousand words. See diagram below.
One reason you can't take it with you is that it goes before you do.
One seventh of your life is spent on Monday.
One should always be a little improbable. — Oscar Wilde
One should always be in love. That is the reason one should never marry.
One size fits all: Doesn't fit anyone.
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
One thing leads to another, and usually does.
One way to make your old car run better is to look up the price of a new model.
One will not have needed the future perfect in one's entire life.
Only 55% of all Americans know that the sun is a star.
Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps.
Only fools are quoted. — Anonymous
Only God could mess up your life that much. — Carolyn Myss
Only those with nothing to be sorry for smile back at the rear of an elephant.
Only through hard work and perseverance can one truly suffer.
Only two groups of people fall for flattery: Men and women.
Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back, and instead of bleeding, he sings.
Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment. — Ducharme
Opportunity knocks only once, but temptation bangs on your door for years.
Optimist: Always sees the bright side of other people's problems.
Optimist: Thinks he can break up a traffic jam by blowing his horn.
Optimist: Woman who regards a bulge as a curve.
Oratory: The power to talk people out of their sober and natural opinions.
Oregonians don't tan, they rust.
Our eyes are the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
Our parents were never our age.
Our policy is, when in doubt, do the right thing. — Roy Ash
Our problems are mostly behind us. Now we have to fight the solutions.
Our sequiturs tend to be non.
Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it. — Alex Schure
Out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal.
Outpatient: A person who has fainted.
Oversteer is when the passenger is scared; understeer when the driver is scared.
Ow: The first word spoken by children with older siblings.
Packrat's credo: "I have no use for it, but I hate to see it go to waste."
Page yourself over the intercom, and don't disguise your voice.
Pain is just a sensory input. — Aussie rugby player skiing with broken thumb
Pain is relative. Unfortunately it's a close relative and it visits often.
Pampered cows give spoiled milk.
Panic is the second time you can't do it the first time. — Isaac Asimov
Paper is always strongest at the perforations. — Corry
Paradise is exactly like where you are, only MUCH, MUCH better. — Anderson
Paradox of travel planning: By the time you leave, you really need a vacation. — Alan Silverstein
Paradox: An assistant to PhDs.
Parallel lines never meet unless you bend one or both of them.
Paranoia: A healthy understanding of the nature of the universe.
Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one.
Pardon me, you have apparently mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Part of the art of being a woman is knowing when not to be too much of a lady.
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life. — Eric Hoffer
Patience is counting down without blasting off.
Paying alimony is like feeding hay to a dead horse. — Groucho Marx
Pediatricians eat, because children don't. — Carleton Fredericks
Pedlock: When a bicycle pedal wedges itself against the kickstand.
People accept an idea more readily if you say Benjamin Franklin said it first.
People are idiots. — Scott Adams
People compelled to tell you they have a great sense of humor, have none.
People have one thing in common: They are all different. — Robert Zend
People rarely think alike until it comes to buying wedding presents.
People should be aware of the dangers of killing themselves.
People usually get what's coming to them... Unless it was mailed.
People who concern themselves with what's cool and what's not cool are not cool.
People who go to conferences are the ones who should not.
People who live in glass houses should undress in the dark.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't invite in people without sin.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw parties.
People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses.
People who say they sleep like a baby usually don't have one. — Leo Burke
People who study the Bible in their old age must be cramming for their finals.
People who take cat naps usually don't sleep in a cat's cradle.
People who think they know everything greatly annoy those of us who do.
People who verb nouns really weird language.
People will buy anything that is one to a customer. — Lewis
People with dogs are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves.
People with no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage of them.
Perfect guest: One who makes his host feel at home.
Perfect paranoia is perfect awareness.
Performance review: Signed confession of your crimes against productivity.
Perhaps men and women should live next door and just visit now and then.
Perhaps your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
Pessimist: Complains about the noise when opportunity knocks.
Petrophobic: Embarrassed to undress in front of a household pet.
Phasers locked on target, Captain.
Philadelphia just seems dull because it's next to exciting Camden, New Jersey.
Philosophy: Unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
Phoenix is an oasis of ugliness in the midst of a beautiful wasteland. — Edward Abbey
Phonesia: Dialing and forgetting whom you were calling just as they answer.
Physicist: Someone who averages the first three terms of a divergent series.
Pioneer: Early American lucky enough to find his way out of the woods.
Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the Earth. — Don Marquis
Pity the poor egg; it only gets laid once.
Pizza shop slogan: Seven days without pizza makes one weak.
Plagiarism: Losers must be choosers. — Gerhard Uhlenbruck
Plan to be spontaneous tomorrow.
Planet three is the place to be! — Rich Testardi
Plastic explosives will be appropriate later in the week.
Please continue dancing until the floor comes to a complete stop. — radio DJ
Plumber: A man who gets paid for sleeping under other people's sinks.
Plunder first, THEN pillage.
PMS: Something that makes a woman act once a month like a man acts every day.
Polar bear: A rectangular bear after a coordinate transform.
Politician: "My father was a minister. I had to make up for the lack of sin."
Politicians aren't born, they're excreted. — Mark Twain
Politics consists of deals and ideals.
Politics: The art of turning influence into affluence.
Positive: Being mistaken at the top of your voice.
Possessions increase to fill the space available for their storage. — Ryan
Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on Earth.
Poverty is no disgrace to a man, but it is confoundedly inconvenient. — Smith
Power corrupts. Absolute power is great!
Power means not having to respond.
Practice makes perfect, but no one's perfect, so why practice?
Predestination was doomed from the start.
Prejudice doesn't have a Chinaman's chance in Chicago. — Richard Daley
Pressure: The normal force acting upon an engineer.
Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning: It's on the other side.
Pride is what we have... Vanity is what others have.
Princess, having sufficient experience with princes, seeks frog...
Princesses don't do dishes or take out garbage.
Prisoners talk to each other on cell phones.
Pro is to con as progress is to Congress.
Procrastinate now.
Procrastination means never having to say you're sorry. — Toni Epstein
Procrastination: The art of keeping up with yesterday.
Proctologist: A doctor who puts in a hard day at the orifice.
Producing a system from a spec is like walking on water: Easier if it's frozen.
Professionals built the Titanic, but amateurs built the Ark.
Professor: One who talks in someone else's sleep. — W.H. Auden
Progress is made on alternate Fridays.
Progress means replacing a theory that is wrong with one more subtly wrong.
Progress might have been all right once, but it went on too long. — Ogden Nash
Proofread carefully to see if you words out. — William Safire
Proofreading is more effective after publication. — Barker
Prose books are the show dogs I breed and sell to support my cat. — Graves
Proximity isn't everything, but it comes close.
Prunes give you a run for your money.
Psychiatrist: A doctor who doesn't have to worry so long as other people do.
Psychiatry: Figuring out the program from the printout. — Chris Gates
Psychosclerosis: Hardening of the attitude.
Psychotheology: A religious fervor about psychological beliefs.
Public speaking is very easy. — Dan Quayle
Puppies still have bad breath even after eating a tic-tac. — Andrew, age 9
Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy. — Mencken
Push something hard enough and it will fall over.
Pushing 40 is exercise enough.
Put your nose to the grindstone and you are a bloody fool.
Quack!
Quality assurance doesn't.
Quantity is no substitute for quality, but it is the only one we have.
Quantum mechanics is nice because you can both have your cat and eat it too.
Quark! Quark! Beware the quantum duck!
Queen Victoria was the longest queen. She sat on a thorn for 63 years.
Question Authority... And the Authorities will question you!
Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur. (Anything in Latin sounds profound.)
Quinine is the bark of a tree; canine is the bark of a dog.
Quip pro quo: A fast retort.
Quit working and play for once!
Quo signo nata es? (What's your sign?)
Quoting one is plagiarism. Quoting many is research.
Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.
Rain is often known as soft water, oppositely known as hail.
Rain is saved up in cloud banks.
Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.
Rap music is nature's way of punishing those who have lived too long. — Gay
Ratio of an igloo's circumference to its diameter: Eskimo Pi.
Read my lips: No new taxes. — George Bush
Read the directions, even if you don't follow them. — Mary Schmich
Reading the small print is education; not reading it is experience.
Real life is not like this.
Real women don't have hot flashes, they have power surges.
Real Work + Appearance of Work = Total Work. — Scott Adams
Reality — what a concept! — Robin Williams
Reality is an illusion brought on by lack of alcohol.
Reality is an illusion created by an intelligence deficiency.
Reality is an obstacle to hallucination.
Reality is for people who can't deal with drugs. — Lily Tomlin
Reality is for people who can't face science fiction.
Reality is for people who lack imagination.
Reality is just a convenient measure of complexity. — Alvy Smith
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. — Albert Einstein
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. — Dick
Really slow vacations involve chartering continental drift. — Andrew Plotkin
Recent studies prove I don't have to be reasonable.
Recycle old photons — for a brighter future!
Recycle your mother-in-law. — John Taylor
Red lights always last longer than green lights.
Refrain means don't do it. A refrain in music is the part you better not sing.
Refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
Regulations grow at the same rate as weeds.
Rehab is for quitters.
Reintarnation: Coming back to life as a hillbilly.
Religions are maintained by people who can't get laid. — Bill Maher
Remember that the rabbit's foot didn't work for the rabbit. — Shay
Remember to breathe when your head is above water.
Remember to finish what
Remember, life is not a test, it is an actual emergency.
Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late. — Mark Twain
Reputation: What others are not thinking about you.
Research is something that tells you that a jackass has two ears. — Lasker
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing. — von Braun
Researchers often become quite attached to leeches they study, and vice versa.
Reserve the apostrophe for it's proper use and omit it when its not needed.
Respondez s'il vous plaid. (Honk if you're Scottish.)
Responsibility always exceeds authority.
Rest assured that your dog is finally getting enough cheese. — Deteriorata
Reunite Pangea!
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time. — Wright
Rignition: Trying to start the car when the engine is already running.
Roll up your sleeves... And you won't lose your shirt.
Rome was not built in a day. (They worked well into the night.) — John Taylor
Rome was not built in a day. If it was, we would have hired their engineer.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I.
Rubber bands have snappy endings.
Rugged: Too heavy to lift.
Rumper sticker on a horse: "Get off my tail, because shit happens."
Russia has abolished God, but so far God has been more tolerant. — Swayze
Sacred cows make the best hamburger. — Mark Twain
Saddam Hussein is the father of the mother of all cliches.
Safest way to double your money: Fold it over once and put it in your pocket.
Sagan: The international unit of humility.
Sailing is a form of mast transit.
Sailing: Getting wet and ill while slowly going nowhere at great expense.
Saint: A dead sinner revised and edited.
Santa's helpers are subordinate clauses.
Sarcasm is just one more service we offer.
Sarchasm: Gulf between the author of sarcastic wit and the clueless recipient.
Satisfaction guaranteed, or twice your load back. — sign on septic tank truck
Save energy: Be apathetic.
Save the whales. Collect the whole set.
Schedule chicken: When no team wants to admit THEIR part will be late.
Schroedinger's cat might have died for your sins.
Science is a game for the fame of the name. — Gerhard Uhlenbruck
Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one's living at it.
Science is gradually filling our homes with appliances smarter than we are.
Science is material. Religion is immaterial.
Scientists are explorers; philosophers are just tourists. — Richard Feynman
Scientists prolong life so we have time to pay for the gadgets they invent.
Scotty, beam me up a double!
Sculpture: Mud pies that endure.
Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
See no evil, hear no evil, date no evil.
Seeing is deceiving. It's eating that's believing. — James Thurber
Seek and ye shall have sought. — John Taylor
Seek simplicity — and distrust it. — Alfred Whitehead
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.
Self-control: The ability to eat only one peanut.
Self-delusion: Pulling in your stomach when you step on the scale. — Sweeney
Serendipity: The process by which human knowledge is advanced.
Serving coffee on aircraft causes turbulence.
Sex for money usually costs a lot less than sex for free. — Brendan Francis
Sex has no calories.
Sex is dirty only when it's done right. — Woody Allen
Sex is hereditary. If your parents never had it, chances are you won't either.
Sex is like air: It's not important unless you aren't getting any.
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer. — Swami X
Sex is so popular because it's centrally located.
Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing.
Sex on television can't hurt you unless you fall off.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
Shakespeare never made much money and is famous only because of his plays.
Shakespeare thought more of the lady than of the poem. — F. Scott Fitzgerald
Shakespeare was a dramatist of note who lived by writing things to quote.
She got her good looks from her father: He's a plastic surgeon.
She is always late. Her ancestors arrived on the June Flower.
She loves you as much as she can, which is not very much.
She walks as if balancing the family tree on her nose.
She was a sigh to behold. — John Taylor
She was all signs and no scenery. — John Taylor
She was suffering from fallen archness. — Franklin Adams
She's the kind of girl who climbed the ladder of success wrong by wrong. — West
Should vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Show off: A child who is more talented than yours.
Shower the people you love with love. Shower with the people you love.
Sign at a bar: We install and service hangovers.
Sign at towing company: We don't charge an arm and a leg. We want tows.
Sign in counselor's office: Growing old is mandatory; growing wise is optional.
Sign in electrician's office: Let us remove your shorts.
Sign in plumber's shop: We repair what your husband fixed.
Sign in tire shop: Invite us to your next blowout.
Sign in vet's office: All unattended children will be given a free kitten.
Sign in veterinarian's office: Be back in five minutes. Sit! Stay!
Sign on a fence: Salesmen welcome... Dog food is expensive.
Sign on bank: "FREE BOTTLE OF CHIVAS WITH EVERY MILLION-DOLLAR DEPOSIT."
Silly is a state of mind. Stupid is a way of life.
Since I'm not handicapped by facts, I'm free to speculate. — Jim Randle
Smile! It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.
Smile! You're on Candid Camera.
Smile, tomorrow will be worse.
Smile... People will wonder what you have been up to.
Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics. — Fletcher Knebel
Snackmosphere: The 95% air inside bags of potato chips.
Snow and adolescence are problems that disappear if you ignore them long enough.
So long, and thanks for all the fish. — Douglas Adams
So many men, so little time. — Mae West
So what if we get half what we want; we asked for twice what we needed. — Taylor
So, what's the speed of dark?
Socialism is based on the assumption that you can break even.
Socrates died from an overdose of wedlock.
Solipsism: I think, therefore you are. — Larry Byler
Solipsists of the world, unite! — Freya Harris
Soloist: One man falling alone. Roped party: Several men falling together.
Solomon, one of David's sons, had 500 wives and 500 porcupines.
Some are wise, and some are otherwise.
Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as finding a trout in the milk.
Some days are more expensive than others.
Some days you're the dog; some days you're the hydrant.
Some days you're the pigeon, and some days you're the statue.
Some is good, more is better, too much is just right.
Some make things happen; some watch what happens; some wonder what happened.
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
Some mornings it's just not worth chewing through the leather straps. — Phillips
Some of us quit looking for work when we find a job.
Some of what we know is false. The problem is figuring out what.
Some people cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
Some people must get a whole lot older to become a little bit wiser.
Some people who can, should not.
Some people would not recognize subtlety if it hit them on the head.
Some people wouldn't recognize diplomacy even if you rubbed their faces in it.
Some persons are very decisive when it comes to avoiding decisions. — Francis
Some prefer the happiness of pursuit to the pursuit of happiness.
Some trails are uphill in both directions.
Someday they'll collect our skulls and refer to us as "early man".
Someday you will get your big chance — or have you already had it?
Someday you will look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
Someday, we'll look back on this, laugh nervously, and change the subject.
Someone is speaking well of you. How unusual!
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar. — Sigmund Freud
Sometimes people don't recognize how wise you are. — Paul Holdeman
Sorry about the dinosaurs... Can I have all my iridium back? — David Mitchell
Sorry, but my karma just ran over your dogma.
Sounds like a head thing. I don't much believe in head things. — Jenny Pruett
Sounds like a personal problem to me.
Souport publik edekasion.
South America has cold summers and hot winters, but somehow they still manage.
Spare no expense to save money on this one. — Samuel Goldwyn
Speak softly and carry a cellular phone.
Speaking of trade relations, almost everyone would like to.
Specialists are people who always repeat the same mistakes. — Walter Gropius
Speed is n subsittute fo accurancy.
Speed of a tortoise breaking the sound barrier: Mach Turtle.
Spelling is a lossed art.
Spending on the military doesn't increase the deficit. — Ronald Reagan
Spinster: A bachelor's wife.
Spirobits: The frayed bits of left-behind paper in a spiral notebook.
Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.
SPQR: What every Roman always knew: Small Profit Quick Return!
Stalin's grave is a communist plot.
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with. — W.C. Fields
Statisticians do it with 95 percent confidence.
Statistics are used as a drunk uses lampposts: For support, not illumination.
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.
Steer clear of incorrect forms of verbs that have snuck in the language.
Stock item: We shipped it once before and we can do it again.
Stop committing useless mistakes. Make your next mistake count!
Strangers are friends you haven't bled for twenty bucks yet.
Strategy is when you keep firing so the enemy doesn't know you're out of ammo.
Street lights timed for 35 mph are also timed for 70 mph. — Jim Samuels
Stress: When you wake up screaming and you realize you didn't fall asleep yet.
Stupid: Losing $25 on the game, and $25 more on the instant replay.
Stupidity got us into this mess — why can't it get us out?
Stupidity is a renewable resource.
Stupidity is not a survival trait.
Subject and verb always has to agree.
Suburbia: Where they tear out the trees and then name streets after them.
Success always occurs in private, and failure in full view.
Success comes in cans, failure in can'ts.
Success is relative. The more success the more relatives.
Success is something I will dress for when I get there, and not until.
Success: The ability to go from failure to failure without being discouraged.
Successful man: One who makes more money than his son at college can spend.
Successful people: Those who think up things to keep everyone else busy.
Suffering is not the object of adventure; it's just a byproduct. — Alan Silverstein
Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism. — Donald Kaul
Superiority is a recessive trait.
Support Search & Rescue: GET LOST!
Sure fire diet: Swallowing pride.
Sure it will sell product, but will it win awards? — advertising agency
Sure we can laugh at ourselves, but laughing at other people is more fun.
Surly grammarians insist that all words ending in "ly" are adverbs.
Survivors eat anything. Non-survivors taste a lot like chicken. — Whitmore
Sweater: A garment worn by a child when his parent feels chilly.
Swimming pool: A mob of people with water in it.
Swiped out: ATM or credit card rendered useless by wearing away the magstripe.
System-independent: Works equally poorly on all systems.
T shirt: I have a degree in liberal arts... Do you want fries with that?
Tact is the unsaid part of what you are thinking.
Tact: Changing the subject without changing the mind.
Take everything in stride. Trample anyone who gets in your way.
Take it easy, we're in a hurry.
Take me drunk, I'm home. — John Taylor
Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixing metaphors. — William Safire
Take time to stop and smell the roses, and sooner or later, you'll inhale a bee.
Take what comfort there may be in owning a piece thereof. — Deteriorata
Take your low opinion of yourself somewhere else, will you?
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must; I do what I am paid to do.
Talk is cheap because the supply exceeds the demand.
Talk is cheap, unless you hire a lawyer.
Taxation WITH representation isn't so hot, either!
Taxes are going up so fast, the government might price itself out of the market.
Taxes: The one of life's two certainties for which you can get an extension.
Taxpayers don't have to take a civil service exam to work for the government.
Teach your kids the value of money — borrow from them.
Teachers are the only profession that teach our children. — Dan Quayle
Teamwork is essential; it allows you to blame someone else.
Technique: A trick that works.
Technological progress provides us with more efficient means of going backwards.
Technology can be used for good or evil. Please use only for good.
Technology simply means finding the right wrench to pound in the correct screw.
Teenagers are two year olds with hormones and wheels. — Will Limon
Teenagers never consider that someday they'll know as little as their parents.
Telepathy: Knowing what people think when really they don't think at all.
Tell a man a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have to touch to be sure.
Tell me what you need, and I'll tell you how to get along without it.
Terrorists blow up celluloid factory... No film at 11.
Texans are southerners with an attitude.
Texas remains our largest unfrozen state. — Edward Abbey
Thank God we can't prove he exists. — John Taylor
Thank you for observing all safety precautions.
Thank you for sending me a copy of your book; I'll waste no time reading it.
Thank you. We're all refreshed and challenged by your unique point of view.
That man's silence is wonderful to listen to. — Thomas Hardy
That must be wonderful; I don't understand it at all. — Moliere
That that is is that that is not is not.
That which does kill us makes us smell stronger, after a few days anyway.
The 51st state of the USA is paranoia.
The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech. — Clifton Fadiman
The adverb always follows the verb. — William Safire
The amount of work done varies inversely with the time spent in the office.
The arrival of a baby coincides with the departure of our minds. — Bill Cosby
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
The beginning of family values is not eating dead relatives. — Robert Bakker
The best car safety device is a rearview mirror with a cop in it. — Dudley Moore
The best cure for insomnia is a Monday morning. — Sandy Cooley
The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep. — W. C. Fields
The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal. — Blair
The best parachute folders are those who jump themselves.
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
The best time to buy anything is last year.
The best vacations are spent near the budget.
The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.
The bigger they are, the harder they hit.
The biggest fish he ever caught were those that got away. — Eugene Field
The blunders are all there on the chessboard waiting to be made. — Tartakower
The bureaucracy expands to meet the needs of an expanding bureaucracy.
The careful application of terror is also a form of communication.
The cart has no place where a fifth wheel could be used.
The celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness. — Boorstin
The chances of being eaten by a tiger are one in a million, but once is enough.
The chicken was the egg's idea of getting more eggs. — Samuel Butler
The chief cause of problems is solutions.
The Christmas presents of today are the garage sales of tomorrow.
The clairvoyants meeting was canceled due to unforeseen circumstances.
The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere.
The clothes that make a woman are the clothes that break a man.
The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco. — Mark Twain
The cost of feathers is higher. Down is up.
The cost of living is going up, and the chance of living is going down.
The covers of this book are too far apart. — Ambrose Bierce
The cow is a machine that makes grass fit for us people to eat. — John McNulty
The cow is of the bovine ilk; one end is moo, the other, milk. — Ogden Nash
The crucial thing for a writer is the ability to make up coherent words.
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
The dandelion song: I fought the lawn, and the lawn won.
The day is the same length as anything that is the same length as it. — Carroll
The day will happen whether or not you get up. — John Ciardi
The days just before marriage are like a snappy introduction to a tedious book.
The death rate on Earth is: One per person.
The decision does not have to be logical; it was unanimous.
The difference between a good haircut and a bad one is seven days.
The difference between a lady and a tramp is about three drinks.
The difference between a wife and a mistress is night and day. — Dear Abby
The difference between genius and idiocy: Genius has its limits. — Darwin Awards
The difficult we do immediately; the impossible takes a little longer. — USACE
The doctor felt the patient's purse and said there was no hope.
The dog's life is a good life, for a dog. — Edward Abbey
The eager beaver works twice as hard but does not know why.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The early worm gets eaten first.
The early worm gets the late bird.
The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.
The Earth makes one resolution every 24 hours.
The eastern part of Asia is called Euthanasia.
The Egyptians built the Pyramids in the shape of a huge triangular cube.
The English spell much better than they pronounce. — Mark Twain
The essence of being human is not understanding the opposite sex.
The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of the face.
The fact that it works is immaterial. — Ogborn
The facts, although interesting, are irrelevant.
The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.
The fastest way to discover all your bad habits is to move in with your lover.
The fewer the data points, the smoother the curve. — May
The first liar has a significant advantage. — Lawrence Hirsch
The first myth about management is that it exists. — Robert Heller
The first novel ever written on a typewriter was "Tom Sawyer".
The first piece of luggage out of the chute does not belong to anyone, ever.
The first rule of gun fighting is — bring a gun.
The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts. — Ehrlich
The first step in learning from your mistakes is admitting you took the course.
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
The first thing that strikes a stranger in New York is a big car. — Evan Esar
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers. — William Shakespeare
The flush toilet is the basis of Western civilization. — Alan Coult
The following statement is not true...
The Forecaster Hall of Fame is an empty room. — Jane Quinn
The four seasons are salt, pepper, mustard, and vinegar.
The French for London is Paris. — Ionesco
The future is a myth created by insurance salesmen and high school counselors.
The future will be better tomorrow. — Dan Quayle
The general direction of the Alps is straight up.
The golfer wore two pairs of pants in case he got a hole in one.
The grass is always greener on the other side of your sunglasses.
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax. — Einstein
The hardest thing to stop is a temporary chairman. — Kin Hubbard
The hardest years in life are those between ten and seventy. — Helen Hayes
The heart has its reasons, and the endocrines have theirs. — Aldous Huxley
The highway of life is always under construction.
The holodeck will be society's last invention. — Scott Adams
The House of Representatives is really a substitute for violence. — Gephardt
The human mind is a big place and it is very easy to get lost in it.
The idea is to die young as late as possible. — Ashley Montague
The income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf has.
The invention of the steamboat caused a network of rivers to spring up.
The IRS has what it takes to take what you've got.
The key to longevity is to keep breathing. — Sophie Tucker
The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
The last person who said that, God rest his soul, lived to regret it.
The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down.
The law of gravity was enacted by the British Parliament.
The least experienced fisherman always catches the biggest fish.
The length of a meeting rises with the square of the number of people present.
The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching train.
The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get much sleep.
The locals treat the speed limits as short works of numeric fiction. — Robert Niland
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is "screeched".
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
The march of his intellect is like that of a crab, backward. — Peacock
The meek shall inherit the Earth — they are too weak to refuse.
The meek shall inherit the Earth after we are done with it.
The meek shall inherit the earth, but not its mineral rights. — J. Paul Getty
The moon is a planet just like the Earth, only it is even deader.
The more keys you have, the more likely to be you are locked out.
The more people I meet, the more I like my dog.
The more things change, the more they stay insane. — Tom Weller
The more things change, the more they will never be the same again.
The mosquito is the state bird of New Jersey. — Andy Warhol
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
The most dangerous part about playing cymbals is near the nose.
The most effective way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once.
The most enjoyable form of sex education is the Braille method.
The most popular after-dinner speech is, "Waiter, bring me the check".
The most popular labor saving device is still a husband with money. — Joey Adams
The moving finger having writ... Gestures.
The Navy, it's not just a job, it's an extended middle-east vacation cruise.
The Neanderthal's brain was bigger than yours.
The next thing I say will be true. The last thing I said was false.
The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.
The number one thing only women understand: Other women.
The number watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
The number you have dialed is imaginary. Please multiply by i and dial again.
The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.
The older I get, the better I used to be. — William Keogh
The oldest known goldfish lived to 41 years of age. Its name was Fred.
The one day you would sell your soul for something, souls are a glut.
The one thing I can do better than anyone else is talk about myself. — Cook
The one who says it can't be done should never interrupt the one doing it.
The only "ism" Hollywood believes in is plagiarism. — Dorothy Parker
The only bad publicity is your obituary. — Cynthia Typaldos
The only easy day was yesterday.
The only problem with poetic justice is that it doesn't know when to quit.
The only short meetings are when no one shows up.
The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on. — Oscar Wilde
The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about.
The only thing wrong with doing nothing is that you never know when you're done.
The only time people work like a horse is when the boss rides them.
The only time the world beats a path to your door is if you're in the bathroom.
The only tools some people are competent to use are a pen and a checkbook.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it. — Oscar Wilde
The opera isn't over until the fat lady sings.
The optimum committee has no members. — Norman Augustine
The other line always moves faster.
The overwhelming majority of people have more than the average number of legs.
The past is another country; they do things differently there.
The patient, be he dead or alive, needs a doctor's order to be released.
The pen is mightier than the pencil.
The perfect lover would turn into a pizza at 4 am.
The person who walks alone is soon trailed by the FBI. — Wright Morris
The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum. — Finagle
The phrase "working mother" is redundant. — Jane Sellman
The pistol of a flower is its only protection against insects.
The player who wins a game is the one who has made the second-to-last mistake.
The plural of "musical instrument" is "orchestra".
The poor are rightfully the property of the rich, because the rich made them.
The poor ye have with ye always — but they are not invited. — Addison Mizner
The prairies are vast plains covered by treeless forests.
The problem with the future is that it keeps turning into the present. — Hobbes
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
The process of turning steam back into water again is called conversation.
The proper basis for marriage is mutual misunderstanding. — Oscar Wilde
The punishment for bigamy is two mothers-in-law.
The purpose of the body is to carry the brain around. — Thomas Edison
The Pyramids are a range of mountains between France and Spain.
The race is not always to the swift... But that's the way to bet. — Runyon
The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.
The rate at which a disease spreads through a corn field: The speed of blight.
The real thing does not advertise.
The reason people sweat is so they won't catch fire when making love. — Don Rose
The reason to have children is to give yourself immortality. — Bill Cosby
The richer your friends, the more they will cost you.
The rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost luggage.
The road to success is filled with women pushing their husbands along. — Dewar
The role of culture is to enable us to talk nonsense with distinction. — Maugham
The rooster may crow, but the hen delivers.
The scenery in the play was beautiful, but the actors got in front of it.
The Schizophrenic: An Unauthorized Autobiography. — Mark Hogue
The scientific name for an animal that doesn't fight its enemies is "lunch".
The second best policy is dishonesty.
The secret of being a bore is to tell everything. — Voltaire
The secret of life is to look good at a distance. — Snoopy
The secret of success is discovering at an early age that you are not God.
The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that, you have it made.
The secret told in confidence is repeated with the same discretion. — McKeown
The seminar for time travel will be held two weeks ago.
The severity of an itch is inversely proportional to your reach.
The sex act is the funniest thing on the face of this Earth. — Diana Rigg
The shortest distance between two jokes is a straight line.
The shortest distance between two points is no fun.
The shortest distance between two points is through hell. — Brian Clark
The shortest distance between two points is under construction. — Altito
The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
The sleep required by the average person is five minutes more. — Mizener
The Society of Independent People has no members.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up. — Ogden
The stapler runs out of staples only while you are trying to staple something.
The supernova makes Mt. St. Helens and Krakatoa look puny. — Time Magazine
The theory of evolution was greatly objected to because it made men think.
The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.
The three most expensive cuts: Sirloin, tenderloin, and vasectomy.
The three stages of sex in marriage: Tri-weekly; try-weekly; try-weakly.
The total intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing.
The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.
The trouble with a kitten is that, when it grows up, it is always a cat. — Nash
The trouble with being punctual is that no one is there to appreciate it.
The trouble with cash flow is that the tide always seems to be going out.
The trouble with political jokes is that they get elected. — Henry Cate VII
The trouble with socialism is socialists, and with capitalism is capitalists. — Willi Schlamm
The two great tragedies in life: Not getting what one wants, and getting it.
The two kinds of egotists: Those who admit it, and the rest of us.
The two most beautiful words in the English language: "Check Enclosed".
The two most common things in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest. — Kilgore Trout
The universe is surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds universes.
The universe will soon need replacing. It's not holding a charge. — Chilton
The vast majority of the mass of the universe seems to be missing. — Broad
The voices in my head tell me I'm perfectly sane. — Cristina Rad
The voices in my head told me to come over and talk with you.
The wages of sin are probably not what you're making now. — John Taylor
The weather at home improves as soon as you go away. — Gomme
The weather is here, I wish you were beautiful. — Jimmy Buffett
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
The wind blows harder in the summer so the sun sets later.
The winds of change aren't what they used to be. — Scott Adams
The Wonder Bra will give a cucumber a cleavage.
The word today is legs... Spread the word.
The world is a toy box full of sub-optimized and feature-poor toys. — Adams
The world is run by C students.
The world isn't any worse. It's just that the news coverage is so much better.
The world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed. — Sean O'Casey
The worst jolt most of us ever get is when we fall back on our own resources.
The worst thing about censorship is xxxxxxxxxx.
The worst you can say about God is that he's an underachiever. — Woody Allen
The young wish to give their elders the full benefits of their inexperience.
The zebra is chiefly used to illustrate the letter Z.
Therapy is expensive; popping bubble wrap is cheap! You choose.
There are 26 vitamins in all, but some of the letters are yet to be discovered.
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.
There are as many grammars as there are grammarians. — Erasmus
There are better things than money in this life, but it takes money to buy them.
There are bunches of errors in this book, except this one. — Christer Sundqvist
There are many excuses for being late, but there are none for being early.
There are many experts on child raising who have no children. — Bill Cosby
There are many kinds of people in the world. Are you one of them?
There are moments when art attains almost to the dignity of manual labor.
There are more collect calls on Father's Day than on any other day of the year.
There are more fish taken out of a stream than ever were in it. — Oliver Herford
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
There are more things in heaven and Earth than anyplace else. — Tom Weller
There are no bad haircuts in cyberspace. — Dave Barry
There are no failures at a class reunion.
There are no stupid questions, but there are a lot of inquisitive idiots.
There are people who mention the word "umbrella" for no apparent reason.
There are so many Smiths in the phone book because they all have phones.
There are three sides to every issue: For, Against, and "Who Cares?"
There are two instruments worse than a clarinet: Two clarinets.
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full. — Kissinger
There comes a time in every man's life, and I've had plenty of them. — Stengel
There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.
There is a fine line between courage and foolishness. Too bad it's not a fence.
There is a green, multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder. — Spock
There is a non-empty set in every aggregate, undoubtedly shouting something.
There is a time and a place for everything: 8 o'clock, my place, everything.
There is a vas deferens between men and women.
There is a very fine line between "hobby" and "mental illness".
There is absolutely no substitute for a genuine lack of preparation.
There is always more hell that needs raising. — Lauren Leveut
There is always one more imbecile than you counted on.
There is an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about.
There is an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.
There is another advantage of being poor; a doctor will cure you faster.
There is at least one fool in every married couple.
There is exactly one true categorical statement. — John Kessenich
There is intelligent life on Earth, but I am just visiting.
There is life after death: In Chicago, dead people are still allowed to vote.
There is no bad beer. Some kinds are better than others. — German Proverb
There is no devil; it's God when he's drunk.
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress. — Twain
There is no excuse for laziness, but I am working on it.
There is no fool like an old fool, because he's experienced.
There is no future in time travel.
There is no problem a good miracle can't solve. — Shick
There is no problem between us that cannot be solved by your departure. — Mark Twain
There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face. — Williams
There is no remedy for sex but more sex.
There is no room in the drug world for amateurs. — Raoul Duke
There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.
There is no such thing as a little garlic.
There is no time like the pleasant.
There is no time like the present to postpone what you ought to be doing.
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax.
There is nothing wrong with abstinence, in moderation.
There is nothing wrong with sobriety in moderation. — John Ciardi
There is nothing wrong with teenagers that reasoning with them won't aggravate.
There is nothing wrong with you that Prozac and a polo mallet wouldn't fix.
There is nothing you can do that can't be done.
There is only one difference between a madman and me. I am not mad. — Dali
There is only one way up a mountain, but 360 ways down.
There is so much comedy on television. Does that cause comedy in the streets?
There is so much to say, but your eyes keep interrupting me.
There is something to be said for originality, but I can't remember what it is.
There is very little future in being right when your boss is wrong.
There isn't room enough in this dress for both of us.
There must be more to life than sitting wondering if there is more to life.
There's a lot to be said for denial; sit back and enjoy the ride! — Chidester
There's no such thing as bad weather, only bad clothing. — Garrison Keillor
They also serve who only pay their dues. — The SETI League, Inc
They also surf who only stand on waves.
They call television a medium because it's neither rare nor well done. — Kovacs
They couldn't hit an elephant at this dist... — last words of General Sedgwick
They said, "Say no to drugs," so I did, but it had no effect on my aspirin.
They took some of the Van Goghs, most of the jewels, and all of the Chivas!
Things are going to get a lot worse before they get worse. — Lily Tomlin
Things are more like they are today then they ever were before. — Eisenhower
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
Things equal to nothing else are equal to each other.
Things look better when they are falling down. — Hanif Kureshi
Things that upset a terrier may pass virtually unnoticed by a Great Dane.
Things to do today: 1. Get up. 2. Survive. 3. Go to bed.
Things to do today: 1. Hunt. 2. Gather. — Bob Thaves
Things will be brighter tonight. A cop will shine a light in your face.
Things will get better despite our efforts to improve them. — Will Rogers
Things won't get any better, so get used to it.
Things work better if you plug them in.
Think honk if you are telepathic.
Think how much fun you could have with the doctor's wife and a bucket of apples.
Third marriage is the triumph of desperation over wisdom.
This aphorism would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.
This book fills a much-needed gap. — Moses Hadas
This fellow Charles Lindbergh will never make it. He's doomed. — Guggenheim
This fortune is encrypted — get your decoder rings ready!
This fortune is inoperative. Please try another.
This fortune was brought to you by the people at Hewlett-Packard.
This is a crude version of a more advanced joke that has never been written.
This is a good time to punt work.
This is a great day for France! — Richard Nixon, at De Gaulle's funeral
This is a haiku. Well, I'm not so sure it is. Oh, wait, yes it is.
This is a recording.
This is as bad as it can get, but don't count on it.
This is National Non-Dairy Creamer Week.
This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly, but thrown with great force.
This is the day for firm decisions! Or is it?
This is the sort of English up with which I will not put. — Winston Churchill
This isn't right. This isn't even wrong. — Wolfgang Pauli, on physics paper
This land is your land. This land is my land. So stay on your land.
This may not be the best of all worlds, but it is certainly the most expensive.
This prediction will not come true.
This report is filled with omissions.
This sentance has threee errors.
This sentence contains ten words, eighteen syllables, and sixty-four letters.
This sentence no verb.
This statement is in no way to be construed as a disclaimer.
This will be a memorable month — no matter how hard you try to forget it.
This won't hurt, did it?
This won't hurt, I promise.
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark.
Those were the days... And the nights weren't bad either.
Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.
Those who don't mingle will die single.
Those who flee temptation generally leave a forwarding address. — Olinghouse
Those who forget this sentence are condemned to reread it. — Bill Yochum
Those who know, cannot explain; those who don't know, cannot understand.
Those who like sausages and the law had better not watch either one being made.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.
Three good things about school: June, July, August.
Three kinds of blood vessels are arteries, vanes and caterpillars.
Three kinds of people in the world: Those who can count and those who can't.
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead. — Ben Franklin
Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything... — Sartre
Thumbs Up to a Healthy Prostate! — Ken Tough
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Time flies when you don't know what you are doing.
Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
Time is an illusion; lunchtime doubly so. — Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once. — Onsager
Time is the best teacher; unfortunately, it kills all its students.
Time may be a great healer, but it's a lousy beautician.
Time's fun when you're having flies. — Kermit the Frog
Tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in LA. — Wright
To attract a vegetarian, make a noise like a wounded vegetable.
To be safe, make a copy of everything before you destroy it.
To be, or not to be. — Shakespeare... Oo-bee-doo-bee-doo. — Sinatra
To collect fumes of sulfur, hold a deacon over a flame in a test tube.
To discover a man's income, ask him what incomes should be exempt from taxation.
To err is human — but it feels divine. — Mae West
To err is human; to admit it is a blunder.
To err is human; to blame someone else for your errors is even more human.
To err is human; To forgive is Not Company Policy.
To err is human; to forgive is unusual.
To err is human; to moo, bovine.
To generalize is to be an idiot. — William Blake
To get holy water, boil the hell out of it.
To get it done: Do it yourself, hire someone, or forbid your kids to do it.
To hell with deep thoughts, this is the mating process. — Kevin Keirn
To keep milk from turning sour, you should keep it in the cow.
To know recursion, you must first know recursion.
To make a small fortune in the commodities market, start with a large fortune.
To make God laugh, tell him your plans. — Carolyn Myss
To prevent conception when having intercourse, the male wears a condominium.
To pull a rabbit out of a hat, ensure you put one in there first.
To read about love and marriage, you must buy two separate books. — Alan King
To remove dust from the eye, pull the eye down over the nose.
To split is human, to infinitive, divine. — John Taylor
To study a subject best, understand it thoroughly before you start.
To succeed in politics, it is often necessary to rise above your principles.
To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question... Or is it?
To YOU I am an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition. — Woody Allen
Toastmaster: A guy who goes around introducing guys who need no introduction.
Today is a good day for you to jump in a lake.
Today is a good day to bribe a high ranking public official.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Today is the last day of the past of your life.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Today is the yesterday you will be embarrassed about tomorrow.
Toe: A part of the foot used to find furniture in the dark. — Rilla May
Tomorrow looks like a good day to sleep in.
Tomorrow will be canceled due to lack of interest.
Too much is not enough.
Too much of a good thing is WONDERFUL. — Mae West
Toothaches tend to start on a Saturday night.
Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore. — Judy Garland
Tragedy: A busload of lawyers driving off a cliff with three empty seats.
Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy. — Han Solo
Trends are the new trend. — Reinier Evers
Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
Truth is the most valuable thing we have. Let us economize it. — Mark Twain
Truthful: Dumb and illiterate.
Try the Moo Shu Pork. It is especially good today.
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Try to look unimportant, they might be low on ammo.
Trying to define humor is one of the definitions of humor. — Saul Steinberg
Trying to push your way through a door that doesn't open? Connect the dots.
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
Turnabite is foreplay. — Alan Silverstein
Twenty percent of zero is better than nothing. — Walt Kelly
Two can live as cheaply as one for half as long. — Howard Kandel
Two cars in every pot and a chicken in every garage.
Two heads are more numerous than one. — Tom Weller
Two is not equal to 3, not even for large values of 2. — Grabel
Two kinds of people: Those who love to talk, and those who hate to listen.
Two thousand mockingbirds = two kilomockingbirds.
Two wrongs are only the beginning. — Kohn
Two wrongs do not make a right, but the three... do. — Deteriorata
Two wrongs don't make a right, but two Wrights made an airplane.
UFOs are real. The Air Force doesn't exist.
Unauthorized fornication with this equipment is disallowed.
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it is just the opposite.
Under every stone lurks a politician. — Aristophanes
Under-Achievers Anonymous has an 11-step program.
Unfortunately there is more to life than getting enough sleep. — Alan Silverstein
University: An institution for the postponement of experience.
Unmatched: Almost as good as the competition.
Unqualified superlatives are the worst of all.
Use the newest medicines quickly before their effectiveness runs out.
Use the word "paradigm" several times a day. — Scott Adams
Vacuum: A large, empty space where the Pope lives.
Ventis secundis, tene cursum. (Go with the flow.)
Verbosity leads to unclear, inarticulate things. — Dan Quayle
Verbs have to agree with their subjects. — William Safire
Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.
Very funny, Scotty. Now beam down my clothes.
Vescere bracis meis. (Eat my shorts.)
Vibration: A motion that cannot make up its mind which way it wants to go.
Violuminescence: Things that glow in the dark when smashed. — Axel Emmerman
Virgin wool comes from ugly sheep.
Virginity can be cured.
Virtual reality is its own reward.
Virus: A Latin medical term, meaning, "Your guess is as good as mine".
VISA la France. (Don't leave the chateau without it.)
Visitors who throw litter into the crocodile pit will be asked to retrieve it.
Vital papers demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving.
Volcano: A mountain with hiccups.
Vote anarchist.
Vote yes on no.
Voting is like driving a car: Choose R to go backward, choose D to go forward.
Vuja De: The feeling that none of this has happened before.
Wagner's music is better than it sounds. — George Shaw
Walk a mile in his shoes, so if he gets angry, he is barefoot and a mile away.
Wall Street predicted nine out of the last five recessions. — Paul Samuelson
Walt Disney didn't die. He's in suspended animation.
War is God's way of teaching us geography. — Paul Rodriguez
War is menstruation envy.
Warning: Dates in calendar are closer than they appear.
Warranty clauses are voided by payment of the invoice.
Waste not, get your budget cut next year.
Water? I never touch the stuff: Fish make love in it.
We all keep busy keeping each other busy.
We are all politicians. Some of us are just honest enough to admit it.
We are all self-made, but only the rich will admit it.
We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse.
We are living in a golden age. All you need is gold. — Robertson
We are making progress. Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
We are not a loved organization, but we are a respected one. — John Fisher
We are ready for any unforeseen event that may or may not occur. — Dan Quayle
We are so fond of each other because our ailments are the same. — Jonathan Swift
We are sorry. We cannot complete your call as dialed.
We are the people our parents warned us about. — Jimmy Buffett
We aren't sure how clouds form. But they know, that is what counts.
We buy junk and sell antiques. — sign in country store
We can all admit we like acronyms and leave it at that. — Scott Adams
We can loan you enough money to get you completely out of debt. — sign in bank
We can't all be heroes, someone has to sit on the curb and clap as they go by.
We can't leave the haphazard to chance. — N. F. Simpson
We could do that, but it would be wrong, that's for sure. — Richard Nixon
We dispense with accuracy. — sign in pharmacy
We don't care. We don't have to. We're the Phone Company.
We don't have to protect the environment; the Second Coming is at hand. — Watt
We don't really understand it, so we'll leave it for the poets. — John Taylor
We don't want to go back to tomorrow, we want to go forward. — Dan Quayle
We have 64 arm bones but only 62 leg bones. The mistake is yet to be found.
We have been through so much together, and most of it was your fault.
We have enough youth, how about a fountain of SMART?
We have nothing to fear about work but the work itself.
We have the best politicians that money can buy. — Edward Abbey
We have them just where they want us. — James Kirk
We interrupt this fortune for an important announcement...
We learn by making better mistakes.
We live on one-third of what we eat, and the doctors live on the rest.
We need either less corruption or more chance to participate in it.
We put stamps on letters because we don't know where else to put them.
We totally deny the allegations, and we are trying to identify the allegators.
We will cross out that bridge when we come back to it later.
We will get along fine as soon as you realize I am God.
We will have solar energy when the power companies develop a sunbeam meter.
We will sell gasoline to anyone in a glass container. — Sante Fe gas station
We're all on the road to the grave, but why be in the passing lane? — Orben
We're going to have the best-educated American people in the world. — Dan Quayle
Wealth: The ability to support debt.
Weather forecaster: One with whom the weather does not always agree.
Wedding is destiny, and hanging likewise. — John Heywood
Welcome to President Bush, Mrs. Bush, and my fellow astronauts. — Dan Quayle
Welcome to the Lou Holtz Show. Unfortunately, I'm Lou Holtz.
Well adjusted: Makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
Well, gee, I don't know if I have mixed feelings about that or not. — T. Gross
Well, if I called the wrong number, why did you answer the phone? — Thurber
Well-adjusted: Able to play bridge or golf as if they were games.
What about an endangered animal that eats only endangered plants?
What can't be said, can't be said. And it can't be whistled, either. — Tirtha
What did God say after creating man? "I can do better."
What did you bring the book I want to be read to out of about Down Under up for?
What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common? Their middle name.
What do women want? Nowadays mainly... Other women.
What do you call 10,000 lawyers at the bottom of the ocean? A good start.
What do you call 1000 rabbits in a row hopping backwards? A receding hareline.
What do you call a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand? Not enough sand.
What does DNA stand for? National Dyslexia Association.
What doesn't kill us makes us bitter. — Chuck Lorre
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
What happens to the hole when the cheese is gone? — Bertolt Brecht
What happens when you cut back the jungle? It recedes.
What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.
What has reality ever done for anyone?
What if there were no hypothetical situations?
What is a nice person like me doing in a place like this?
What is an atheist's favorite movie? "Coincidence on 34th Street"
What is another word for Thesaurus? — Stephen Wright
What is Life? It's the cereal Mikey likes.
What is mind? No matter. What is matter? Never mind. — Thomas Key
What is orange and goes "click, click"? A ball point carrot.
What is research but a blind date with knowledge? — Will Harvey
What is the difference between a duck? One of its legs is both the same.
What is the difference between a viola and a violin? A violin burns faster.
What is the difference between government bonds and men? Bonds mature.
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking someone to do.
What orators lack in depth they make up for in length. — Baron de Montesquieu
What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy? — Ursula LeGuin
What scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch? — J. D. Farley
What the tyrannosaurus lacked in arms he made up in other areas. — Brett Nelson
What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five cent bagel.
What this country needs is more leaders who know what this country needs.
What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn? — Peter Beagle
What was sliced bread the greatest thing since?
What! Me worry? — Alfred E. Newman
What, after all, is a halo? It's only one more thing to keep clean. — Fry
Whatever became of eternal truth?
Whatever is your lot in life, build on it.
Whatever it is, I am against it.
Whatever it is, I didn't do it!
Whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be worse in Milwaukee.
Whatever you set out to do, something else must be done first.
When a girl goes bad — men go right after her. — Mae West
When a man tells you he got rich through hard work, ask him, "Whose?" — Marquis
When a man's best friend is his dog, that dog has a problem. — Edward Abbey
When a person brags about his ancestors, the best part of him is underground.
When all else fails, lower your standards.
When all else fails, try reading the directions.
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear. — Mark Twain
When anything is used to its full potential, it will break.
When crazy people go through the forest, they take the psycho path.
When cryptography is outlawed, bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinpl.
When evolution is outlawed, only outlaws will evolve.
When God created two sexes, he might have been overdoing it. — Charles Smith
When God endowed human beings with brains, he did not intend to guarantee them.
When I born I was so surprised, I didn't talk for a year and a half. — Allen
When I look at my children, I often wish I had remained a virgin. — L. Carter
When I played in the sandbox the cat kept covering me up. — Rodney Dangerfield
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading. — Henny Youngman
When I was a Brownie, I ate all the cookies. — Madonna
When I'm good, I'm very good. But when I'm bad, I'm better. — Mae West
When I'm not in my right mind, my left mind gets pretty crowded.
When in charge, ponder. When in doubt, mumble. When in trouble, delegate.
When in doubt, lead trump.
When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.
When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.
When it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion. — Voltaire
When it rains, it pours.
When it's you against the world, bet on the world.
When Lincoln was President, he wore only a tall silk hat.
When management wants your opinion, they will give it to you.
When marriage is outlawed, only outlaws will have inlaws.
When Mozart was my age, he had been dead for two years. — Tom Lehrer
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes. — Dylan Thomas
When one door closes, another opens, but the hallways are hell. — Sol Wachler
When pigs back into an electric fence, there is a short circus.
When sign makers go on strike, is anything written on their picket signs?
When someone says, "It ain't the money, but the principle," it's the money.
When talking nonsense try not to be serious.
When the going gets tough, everyone leaves. — Lynch
When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro. — Hunter Thompson
When there's a will, I want to be in it.
When they ship styrofoam, what do they pack it in?
When this sign is under water, this road is impassable. — sign on rural road
When working hard, be sure to get up and retch every so often.
When working on a problem, it helps to know the answer.
When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.
When you breathe you inspire. When you do not breathe you expire.
When you can't make all of the pieces fit, throw one away.
When you do a good deed, get a receipt, in case heaven is like the IRS.
When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.
When you feel terrific, notify your face. — H. Jackson Brown
When you finally discover all of life's answers, they'll change the questions.
When you make your mark in the world, watch out for guys with erasers.
When you mention something, if it's bad, it happens, if it's good, it goes away.
When you sit too long on the ice, you get a polaroid.
When you smell an odorless gas, it is probably carbon monoxide.
When you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow. — LBJ
When you've seen one non-sequitur, the price of tea in China.
When your memory goes, forget it!
When your mom is mad at your dad, don't let her brush your hair.
Whenever anyone says, "theoretically", they really mean, "not really". — Parnas
Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.
Where do forest rangers go to "get away from it all"?
Where does a 300 pound gorilla sleep? Anywhere he wants!
Where in the world does the guy who has everything put it?
Where is Denver? Denver is just below the O in Colorado.
Where there's a whip, there's a way.
Where there's a will, there's a relative.
Where there's a will, there's an Inheritance Tax.
Wherever you go, there you are.
Wherever you go, there you are. Your luggage is another story.
Whether you can hear it or not, the universe is laughing behind your back.
Which came first, the chicken or the egg? Neither, it was the rooster.
Which is worse, ignorance or apathy? Who knows? Who cares?
While in jail a man worked on his alibiography. — Henry Cate
While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position.
Whining martyrs get a lot of stage time. — Scott Adams
White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.
Who am I to criticize another maniac?
Who are these children, and why are they calling me Mom?
Who cares about procreation, as long as it tickles?
Who dat who say "who dat" when I say "who dat"? — Hattie McDaniel
Who marries for love without money has good nights and sorry days.
Who needs astrology? The wise man gets by on fortune cookies. — Edward Abbey
Who needs companionship when you can sit alone in your room and drink?
Who was that masked man?
Who's on first?
Whoever it was who told you you were wrong was right. — Tom von Alten
Whoever said money can't buy happiness didn't know where to shop.
Why are there flotation devices under airplane seats instead of parachutes?
Why are there interstate highways in Hawaii?
Why are they called "stands" when they are made for sitting?
Why are today's rough times always tomorrow's good old days?
Why argue when we both know I am right?
Why be difficult when, with a bit of effort, you could be impossible?
Why bother building any more nuclear warheads until we use the ones we have?
Why can't elephants play tennis? They don't make tennis shoes in their size.
Why did God give us ten fingers and only two nostrils?
Why did the chicken cross the road? He was giving it last rites.
Why did the chicken cross the road? The rooster was on the other side.
Why did the elephant cross the road? Chicken's day off.
Why did the politician cross the road? To get to the middle.
Why did the tachyon cross the road? Because it was on the other side.
Why didn't Noah just swat those two mosquitos?
Why do expenses always rise to meet income?
Why do men die before their wives? They want to.
Why do people who know the least know it the loudest?
Why do we sing, "Take me out to the ball game" when we're already there?
Why do you change your image so often? "To entertain myself." — Madonna
Why do you park on a driveway and drive on a parkway? — Larry Anderson
Why does a ship carry cargo and a truck carries shipments?
Why does bread always fall butter side down?
Why does sour cream have an expiration date? — Larry Anderson
Why does the other lane always move faster?
Why doesn't glue stick to the inside of the bottle?
Why doesn't life come with subtitles?
Why don't "minimalists" find a shorter name for themselves?
Why don't blind people bungee jump? Because it scares hell out of their dogs.
Why go elsewhere and be cheated when you can come here? — sign in store
Why is "abbreviated" such a long word?
Why is "palindrome" spelled "palindrome" and not "palindromeemordnilap"?
Why is brassiere singular and panties plural?
Why is charging ahead OK, but charging an arm and a leg is not? — Alan Driscoll
Why is it called "rush hour" when nothing moves?
Why is it called a "building" when it is already built?
Why is it that there are so many more horses' asses than horses? — Liddy
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
Why is there a "permanent press" setting on an iron?
Why isn't "phonetic" spelled the way it's said?
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet? — Lily Tomlin
Why isn't there mouse-flavored cat food?
Why listen to reason when insanity prevails?
Why was I born with such contemporaries? — Oscar Wilde
Why would anyone want to be called Later?
Wilderness: A place where something might eat you.
Willie was a chemist; Willie is no more. What Willie thought was H20 was H2SO4.
Wine and youth increase love.
Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.
Wisdom is only happening to guess right. — Euripides
With a rubber duck, one's never alone.
With enough garlic, you can eat the New York Times. — Morley Safer
With enough thrust, pigs fly just fine.
With sex, who cares if practice doesn't make perfect.
Withhold from screaming when you hear the phrase, "Let's just be friends..."
Without ice cream life and fame are meaningless.
Without life, biology itself would be impossible.
Woman was God's second mistake. — Friedrich Nietzsche
Women fake orgasm because men fake foreplay.
Women like the simplest things in life... Men.
Women most enjoy receiving the kind of letters that should never be written.
Women need a reason to have sex; men just need a place. — Billy Crystal
Women speak in estrogen but men listen in testosterone.
Women speak two languages, one of which is verbal. — Steve Rubenstein
Women truly are better than men. Otherwise, they'd be intolerable. — Edward Abbey
Women want one man to meet every need; men want every woman to meet one need.
Women want their men to be deep, but they don't want to hear about it.
Women who desire to be like men, lack ambition.
Women who love only women may have a good point. — Edward Abbey
Women, to make a man happy, all you must do is show up naked.
Women: We cannot love them all. But we must try. — Edward Abbey
Work is the curse of the drinking classes. — Oscar Wilde
Work is the greatest thing in the world; always save some of it for tomorrow.
Work off excess energy. Steal something heavy.
Worry kills more people than work because more people worry than work.
Would a fly without wings be called a walk?
Would it help if I got out and pushed?
Wrinkled was not one of the things I wanted to be when I grew up.
Write all adverbial forms correct.
Writing carefully, dangling participles must be avoided. — William Safire
Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
Yale is one big party... With a $25K cover charge.
Yawning is an orgasm for your face. — Gunvar Ingeborg
Years of development: We finally got one to work.
Yes, it works well in practice, but will it work in theory?
Yesterday was the deadline on all complaints.
Yield to temptation; it might not pass your way again.
Yo-yo: Something occasionally up but normally down (see also "computer").
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
You are entitled to your own wrong opinion.
You are halfway through life before you realize it's a do-it-yourself thing.
You are here. But you are not all there.
You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all alike.
You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all different.
You are never going to fail unless you try.
You are not abusing drugs if they're stored in a dry place and never yelled at.
You are not as fat as you imagine. — Mary Schmich
You are not fat if clothes are actually made in your size.
You are not from Earth, are you?
You are not overweight if you can still touch somebody's toes.
You are not paranoid if they're really after you...
You are still sober as lounge as you can still say your worms promperly.
You are ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
You are validating my inherent mistrust of strangers.
You are warm and giving toward others. What are you after?
You aren't a real engineer until you make one $50,000 mistake.
You can cage a swallow, can't you, but you can't swallow a cage, can you?
You can drive through Wyoming at night and still see the scenery. — Vodall
You can fool some of the people all of the time... But you can't fool Mom.
You can fool some of the people some of the time, and that is sufficient.
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word.
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
You can lead a horse to water, but if he walks on it, patent him.
You can learn many things from children... Like how much patience you have.
You can never find a lost-and-found when you need one. — Greg Clifford
You can observe a lot just by watchin'. — Yogi Berra
You can rent this profound space for only $5 a week.
You can tell if you're on the right track — it's usually uphill.
You can tell the men from the boys by the price of their toys.
You can't belay a man who's falling in love. — Edward Abbey
You can't feel as bad as you look. Or look as bad as you feel. — Edward Abbey
You can't fool me — there ain't no sanity clause. — Chico Marx
You can't get there from here.
You can't have Kate and Edith too!
You can't hide a piece of broccoli in a glass of milk. — Armir, age 9
You can't legislate against human nature. — Robert Reuben
You can't see the forest if you're barking up the wrong tree.
You cannot buy beer; you can only rent it.
You cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
You cannot have everything because where would you put it? — Christer Sundqvist
You could be playing a video game instead.
You couldn't pay me to work on commission.
You don't know what you want, and are willing to go through hell to get it.
You don't know what you're talking about, do you?
You don't need a parachute to skydive, only to skydive twice. — Darwin Awards
You enter into a certain amount of madness when you marry a person with pets.
You gotta break some eggs to make a real mess on the neighbor's car!
You have a right to your opinions. I just don't want to hear them.
You have an important role as a negative example.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have good manners, but never carry them about you. — Fuller
You have the body of a 19 year old. Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes. You will learn a lot today.
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it does.
You know how happy a motorcyclist is by the bug stains on his teeth.
You know you are a little fat if you have stretch marks on your car. — Cyrus
You know you are over the hill when work is less fun and fun is more work.
You know you have landed gear-up when it takes full power to taxi.
You know you're old when your back goes out more than you do.
You look like a million dollars... All green and wrinkled.
You made me think. I will be wary of you in the future.
You might get attention, but attention ain't the same thing as love.
You never find a lost item until after you replace it.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
You never know who is right, but you always know who is in charge. — Whistler
You never realize how short a month is until you pay alimony. — John Barrymore
You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.
You now have Asian Flu.
You say things with your eyes that others waste time putting into words.
You shake milk in a big stirrer machine to make it homicidal.
You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think.
You should hardly ever equivocate.
You sound reasonable... Must be time to up my medication.
You were conspicuous by your absence. — Lord John Russell
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will become rich and famous, unless you don't.
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will live a long full life and gradually decay into a useless blob.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
You will never hit your finger if you hold the hammer with both hands.
You will pay for your sins. If you have already paid, please disregard.
You will soon forget this.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
You will wish you hadn't.
You won't skid if you stay in a rut. — Frank Hubbard
You would if you could but you can't so you won't (and probably shouldn't).
You! Off my planet!
You'll find it all at Greeley Mall. — Radio advertisement
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on. — Dean Martin
You're not late until you get there.
You're only young once, but it makes you tired for the rest of your life.
Your boss is the biggest obstacle to workday leisure. — Scott Adams
Your chance of forgetting something is directly proportional to... uh...
Your check is in the mail.
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Your intuition nearly makes up for your lack of good judgment.
Your love life will be... Interesting.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
Your lucky number is 364958674928. Watch for it everywhere.
Your reasoning is silly and irrational but it is beginning to make sense.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Your weapon is made by the lowest bidder.
Your weight is perfect for your height — which varies.
Youth is too good to be wasted on the young. — George Shaw
Zenophobia: The irrational fear of convergent sequences.
Zoo: Place devised for animals to study the habits of human beings. — Herford
[He] has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. — Churchill
[Nuclear war]... may not be desirable. — Edwin Meese III 
