If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear." - George Orwell
"Dissent is the highest form of patriotism." - Thomas Jefferson
"I may not agree with you, but I will defend to the death your right to make an ass of yourself." - Oscar Wilde
"I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it" Evelyn Beatrice Hall, writing about Voltaire
"To announce that there must be no criticism of the President, or that we are to stand by the President, right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Because if you don't stand up for the stuff you don't like, when they come for the stuff you do like, you've already lost." - Neil Gaiman
"It’s not unpatriotic to denounce an injustice committed on our behalf, perhaps it’s the most patriotic thing we can do." ― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly
"A constitution, as important as it is, will mean nothing unless the people are yearning for liberty and freedom."  ― U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg
"A desire for privacy does not imply shameful secrets; Moglen argues, again and again, that without anonymity in discourse, free speech is impossible, and hence also democracy. The right to speak the truth to power does not shield the speaker from the consequences of doing so; only comparable power or anonymity can do that." ― Nick Harkaway, The Blind Giant
"I worry about my child and the Internet all the time, even though she's too young to have logged on yet. Here's what I worry about. I worry that 10 or 15 years from now, she will come to me and say 'Daddy, where were you when they took freedom of the press away from the Internet?'"  --Mike Godwin, Electronic Frontier Foundation
"The Internet treats censorship as a malfunction and routes around it."  - John Perry Barlow 
"The only valid censorship of ideas is the right of people not to listen." - Tommy Smothers 
"We have a natural right to make use of our pens as of our tongue, at our peril, risk and hazard."  -Voltaire, Dictionnaire Philosophique, 1764
"Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so, too."  -Voltaire
"Books won't stay banned.  They won't burn.  Ideas won't go to jail.  In the long run of history, the censor and the inquisitor have always lost.  The only weapon against bad ideas is better ideas."  -Alfred Whitney Griswold, New York Times, 24 February 1959
"I detest what you write, but I would give my life to make it possible for you to continue to write." - Norbert Guterman, editor of "A Book of French Quotations", supposedly quoting Voltaire
"No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible." - Stanisŀaw Jerzy Lec, More Unkempt Thoughts
"You have not converted a man because you have silenced him." -John Morley 
"You can cage the singer but not the song." Harry Belafonte, 1988 
"If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all." -Noam Chomsky
"Literature should not be suppressed merely because it offends the moral code of the censor." - William O. Douglas, Roth v. United States,
"Censorship is telling a man he can't have a steak just because a baby can't chew it." - Popular Paraphrasing of Robert A. Heinlein
"Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost." - Thomas Jefferson, in a letter to Dr. James Currie (28 January 1786) 
